[{"rev": "I was really looking forward to visiting after having some of their beers. The \"Man O'War\" quickly became my favorite DIPA; the Rusulka Vanilla Stout is a good thick, sweet stout; and the Ironclad is a top notch IPA. \nThe only big miss on their beers I've had is the Big Chuck Barleywine. It could probably benefit greatly with age, but at this age all there is to taste is the alcohol.  \nNonetheless, I had enough to convince me that the other beers I hadn't had from them would be top notch... and they are! \nThe reason for the 2 stars should not reflect the quality of the brewers, they obviously know their craft well! \nThe servers are great and friendly.... but relying on two servers to wait on 100+ customers says a lot about how inexperienced management must be. In fact, after waiting 15 mins at a dirty table I was finally able to track down someone I guessed was an employee to let them know we were even there! \nAfter another 5+ mins, the GM finally stopped over to take our drink order. The smugness of this guy was amazing. The thought of offering a simple apology never seemed to enter into his head. \nThis is the time a server finally stopped by to pick up the non-final check left by the party before us... who didn't seem very pleased when leaving. \nThe toast & cheese was good, but by the time we were able to dig into their heartiest offering of food, saltines and butter may have been equally pleasing.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "We had dinner at the Bellagio Buffet last night. The service was OK. Our server was great but kind of forgot about us towards the end of our visit. The food was cold. The only good thing there was the crab legs because they're suppose to be cold and the tacos because it was freshly made. The food was under a single lamp that didn't heat the food at all. We let the server know that the food was cold and he told the manager that was in charge. All she did was come over to ask what the problem was and said she was going to talk to the chief. Have no idea what actually happened though because we didn't see her after that. Half the buffet was closed as well so there wasn't that many options. I must say i rather go to the Rio buffet. For a high end casino this was a horrible experience.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Met a friend for dinner there tonight. The server only brought us one menu. After she brought us a couple of Cokes she didn't come to our table for 20 mins. After trying to get her attention a few times when she walked by we decided to just order off the bartender. We received the starters and the mains at the same time. The wings, brisket, and mac and cheese were alright at best. At this point we hadn't seen the server since she brought the food, so we had to go to the bar for more napkins and refills on the Cokes. The most we actually saw our server was when she hovered over us as we put the tip into the handheld credit card terminal. \n\nFood was somewhere between okay and decent. Service was somewhere between piss poor and terrible.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Went here last weekend and was pretty disappointed. They did not have one thing that was pictured and recommended on yelp as being good. We started off with the steak grilled skewers which were just Ok, nothing special. My freind got the lasagna and I got some special chicken dish. They were both pretty bland and lacking that kick. Our waitress was really nice and got the manger to switch out our dishes. My freind got the hamburger and I got the shrimp scampi. Her hamburger was better then the lasagna but was still lacking flavor. My scampi was better then the chicken but was also still under seasoned and the noodles were a bit under cooked. With such a big name attached to this restaurant and going on such an empty stomach we had such high hopes. The service was great which is why i gave it three stars.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Took my kids here to hang out on one fine 72 degree sunny Saturday in February. Going over the bridge, coming from Aliante Casino, you cant miss the nice view of the waterfall that is at the forefront of the park.\n\nToo bad this and the playground were the only nice things I can vouch for. \n\nThe playground is a nice fenced in little area that has a decent amount of playground equipment, swings, slides, tables, and benches. I like the soft material they use that the playground equipment is built on. There is also a sand lot area that has dinosaur bones as props. The day we went, the playground was packed. Kids were running into each other as they went down the slides. There were kids actually waiting to get on the swings! \n\nAfter a while we decided to walk around to check out the rest of the park. We see ducks everywhere especially in the pond that has the nice waterfall going into it. Unfortunately, this is where the \"nice stuff\" ends. Everywhere on the paths we were walking on were green duck crap. Which brings the question, \"Is there some kind of spray or force field they have on the playground?\" Because there were no ducks or green duck crap anywhere in the playground. Im also curious as to how many people would actually spread out a blanket and have a picnic on the grass for the crap was all over that as well. Just doing this review im starting to get grossed out thinking about that day.\n\nAfter carefully trying not to step on any crap going to the car, I made a mental note to make sure to mention all the green crap I saw in this review and to not hesitate in mentioning it to everybody I know that is either making plans on coming here or are just thinking about it. The only thing positive I can think of about that is to come here if you are on a diet. After seeing all the green crap, you probably wont be having much of an appetite and you definitely will get some exercise trying to avoid stepping on the stuff. \n\nSo, yeah, im not worried about coming back to this place any time soon in this lifetime. (You think?). Lol. Maybe as a duck.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Th service here is very hit or miss... Sometimes the staff is personable and attentive. Other times I ask myself, \"Why do I come here???\" The staff often has the  \"GTFOH\" stamp placed permanently across their foreheads, and we as patrons just have to go with it, otherwise we are deemed \"that guy.\"  I would say that my continuos visits were for the great HH, but there are several other options close to home, with the same food and drink options for me to choose from. I think today may be last visit...", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "#1 it should be advertised as a vegetarian dinner. For the price we paid, I really would have liked a nice cut of meat. \n#2. Way over priced. Dinner for 2 with (2) blue moon beers and (1) $10 glass of wine... $165+tip. We tipped over 25% because our server was great and the experience of eating in the Dark was a pretty interesting experience. \n#3. The food was Meh... I would have been okay with everything else if the food was outstanding. It really wasn't... I probably ate 3 bites of my dinner entree just to taste what the different Ingredients were... It was far from savory and could have used even a pasta or something. A couple of dry (what tasted like hush puppies)?? I would have been impressed a little if when I told the server that I didn't enjoy it if he would have offered to try one of the others, but I didn't make a big deal because like I said before he was really nice. The dessert was literally the only saving grace. \nAll in all I gave a 2 star... (server and experience in the dark)... I just have to be honest incase others go in expecting a non-vegetarian meal... Be ready for a $200 vegetarian dinner!!!!\n*** also if they don't like your review on their Facebook page they will block you from commenting on other people talking crap about you, they can not handle the truth and allow others to put you down ***", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Normally, I give a restaurant at least 3 stars as long as it has good food. However, our group was quite disappointed with this restaurant. Granted, we were expecting a lot from an Italian restaurant in the Venetian, but I also think those are fine expectations to have when eating at these prices.\n\nFirst, we changed our reservation, and they said they could accommodate the time. Clearly, they shouldn't have. We were seated at a folding table in the hallway next to the restaurant, quite literally in the food court next to a kiosk selling trinkets to tourists. Whatever ambiance this restaurant might offer is a mystery to me. They shouldn't have switched the reservation if it wasn't possible to accommodate the change (our fault, wouldn't blame them). I know they threw a table together as our table and chairs looked different from the rest of the ones set up. A few were just in front of the restaurant but not off to the side like ours was.\n\nI expected to pay a lot in the Venetian, but I expected to be blown away. I would have preferred dining at several places we walked at on the way to this one. I paid $17 for spaghetti carbonara. It was very tasty, a well-balanced sauce with a decent amount of pancetta. However, I finished the whole thing. I can't finish an entree at Olive Garden for the same price. I also ate a few pieces of bread. One of my friends ordered a chicken kabob (who knows why that's sold at an Italian restaurant). It was one single kabob with perhaps 4-5 pieces of chicken and 4-5 vegetables on a bed of rice and it cost $25! Absolutely outrageous. \n\nTo top it off, we told the waiter we were celebrating a birthday. He said ok, so I expected we would receive a dessert, as is customary. We received nothing. Of course, our waiter didn't seem keen on giving us the time of day so I don't know why I expected him to remember a birthday.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "They came out when they said they would, did the job in the amount of time they said it would take for the amount they said it would cost. They sold me exactly what I needed to hopefully keep my basement from flooding and didn't try to sell me a bunch of things I didn't need, subsequently their quote was 1/3 of those other waterproofing guys and I'm willing to bet my basement will stay dry just as long! Thanks to Nick's crew!\nThe O'Donnells", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "I really enjoyed coming here, it located near walnut st which meant parking was difficult. \n\nWhat I didn't realized was that hot pots where individualized. They gave a pot over an electric hot plate which you can adjust the temp. They also have hot water on the side in case you run out. Very fulfilling for $15.\n\nIt's a small area and they also have a section for you to customize your own sauces.", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "Was very excited for happy hour and heard great things. Food was less then average we were charged $10 for BREAD.  Most apps were greasy or fried and still spent $250 on happy hour menu for a group of 4. First review on yelp so cared enough to take the time to write this. Sorry won't come back.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Absolute waste of money. My husband and I felt no different after using the oxygen bar, massages and drinking the $5 peppermint drink. The employee was very sweet, but don't waste your money. This place would get 1 star if the customer service sucked. And they tell you it's $22 for the oxygen, but they also charge $5 for the thing that goes in your nose.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Wonderful cookies, but don't order delivery. Took almost 2 hours to deliver less than a mile.... and no refund.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The Four Stars = to  how expensive this place is.  I only saw two dollar signs for this place, but it should be four dollar signs.\n\nI don't remember what I ordered but it all came to $75.00\n( 2 ) bacon egg sandwiches \n( 2 ) other breakfast sandwiches\n( 2 ) breakfast desserts\n( 2 ) juices or water\nI'm pretty sure this was all I ordered.\n\nIt tasted good because at 2:30am we were all hungry.  I ordered to go since the place was packed from all the clubbers and hotel guests that was here.  I remember that I didn't have to wait very long after placing my order.  I remember that we all scarfed it down in matter of a minute.  I vaguely remember crawling into bed soon after.", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "I have taken my family to this place before.  We were quite happy with the service and food.  Recently, I bought a groupon for this restaurant.  We were not happy at all with the service and food.  First, they ask if we were using groupon and they marked it in a separate sheet.  We had no service at all.  The restaurant was not full and we saw other tables had their food while they order after us.  We waited for almost 30 minutes only two dishes came.   We spoke to the manager and the Waiter for the rest of the orders.  They said to check on our orders.  My kids got hungry and only ate fried rice that came.  Finally when the order dish came and it was very salty.  We would definitely not recommend this place if you plan to buy Groupon.  We felt we were second class.  We would prefer to go elsewhere where we get excellent service and much better vegetarian food and we don't mind paying the little extra,such as graceful vegetarian by market village.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "2-3 years ago I found LifeScape Medical Associates randomly and started going there since then. Paying an annual fee, I'm expecting receiving services which are at least at the average level; however, LifeScape disappointed me again and again over the years. I have to give credit to their office environment though, it's always quiet and clean, and the receptionists are always friendly.\n\nThere're a few reasons I don't like it there:\n1. I feel like the doctor is always suggesting me with some medicine/samples/tests, and some of them are not necessary at all. For example, the doctor suggested me with a special blood test, twice, saying that the test would be very beneficial for me and my insurance should cover the cost. I believed her and had my blood drawn at their lab. Later I got a bill for almost $2000 (I know LifeScape always charges high prices, luckily I have a good health insurance so i don't really care, but still, $2000 for a blood test is too much! ) I called my insurance company, my insurance company said the test was actually done in a out-of-state lab so they will only pay for a small portion. I immediately called LifeScape and left a message, no one replied. A few days later I decided to go to their office in person, they lied to me that the blood test would just cost whatever my insurance company is willing to pay, and I would not be charged for extra. I believed them and left. But a few weeks later I received another bill. I called them a few more times explaining the issue. They told me that a specialist would call me back, but nobody ever did. I'm really disappointed. How can people trust them if they do business like that!!! What's worse, up to this day, they still haven't informed me anything about the bill, nor the blood test result itself.\n\n2. The waiting time in the clinic is too long. I ALWAYS have to wait there for 30-50 minutes passed the appointment time. I know the doctor is busy, but the patient's time is precious too. I don't like taking my work hours off and just wasting it on waiting for the doctor. And when I finally get to meet with the doctor, I can tell that she is not patient enough. She seems in a hurry, I know she wants to finish up our conversation asap and move on to the next patient.\n\n3. They don't have xRay machines. If you are need to get some xRay or CT scan done, I suggest you going somewhere else, even some small clinics have xRay machines. \n\nI normally only write positive reviews online, but this time i want to let people know about what's really going on there. I would NOT go there any more and I do NOT recommend LifeScape to anybody.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Good luck getting an appointment  before you end up in the E.R.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "So let me start out. The ambiance of the facility is amazing.  Very classy.  But that doesn't compensate for the service I received.   I was the first person at the door and when we walk in we're notified that there is a 30 minute wait for preparation.  I honestly feel they should have came in 30 mins earlier instead of making a customer wait.\nI was a little disappointed that 2 groups of women with sundresses came in 30 mins after me and received their food before me.  There has to be a Happy medium.   It's not right to let the \"sex sells\" slogan consume your site of all customers being treated fairly and equally. \nTo be honest I wish had just went to IHOP but I tried to be a good person and support black business.  \nThis place will not be recommended to anybody I know\nThe food on a scale of a 1-10 was a 7 if the service was better I'd give a 8.  My meal was the salmon and grits.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "There are better and worse Y's for sure.  This place is nothing compared to Dowd or Davidson, but it does the job.  I would give another star, but I've just been told they are raising the already high price.  Plus, people don't seem to understand the one way signs in the parking lot, or just the parking lot in general.  I've def been honked and yelled at for following the rules.\n\nThe front desk help are always pleasant, once you get to them.  I normally don't have the best of interactions with other patrons while waiting in line, but that seems to be the idea on this side of town.\n\nThe locker rooms are decent, nothing special.  Plenty of open lockers most times of the day.  You will rarely find yourself solo in the sauna or steam rooms.\n\nI've only swam here once, I need to get on that.  I've never used the basketball courts or anything outside.  I stick to the weight room.  I have never had to wait on a bike or a treadmill.  If I'm looking for a stair climber that can be another story though.  The bikes are no where near as nice as the Dowd.  The only thing I ever have to wait on are the free weights.  There's plenty of weights, but not much room at all to use them.  If you want a lay down bench, you will probably have to wait, especially at peak hours.\n\nAll in all, it is what it is.  Its close, so this is where I go.  Plus, there is a 24 hour Harris Teeter right there where nobody looks at you funny for being sweaty in gym clothes.  But, If somebody calls me asking if I want to go to a nicer location, I do.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Wow! So fresh, ripe, and sweet! And right in my back yard! I have watched customers go in and out of this small location in the strip mall and always wanted to try this! So glad I did! Can't wait to come back and try everything else!", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "I was very disappointed with the customer service from the server to the owner which really surprised me, what a BITCH!  I ordered a western omelet with hash browns crispy and when I got the omelet there was no cheese in it. The hash browns were barely cooked. In addition, we wanted coffee refills and no one ever came back to ask us!!  When I inquired about the no cheese the server told me no it doesn't come with it, and when I asked the owner she said that that isn't the correct way western omelets traditionally  are served! She argued with me about the history of the western omelet instead she should have been more focused on her customers being happy, especially since we I told her it was our first time there and we were excited to try her food Quite honestly, I don't look for a class lesson when I go out to eat I just want good food and good customer service, I got neither today!  The correct thing for the server and the half wit owner would have been to say, \" sorry sir but I would be happy to redo your omelet with cheese and make u another order of hash browns and make sure they are crispy\".  But guess what none of that happened!  I have cooked in restaurant my whole life and I have never heard of any omelet not coming with some type of cheese and even if she was correct in her history, she definitely failed me at her customer service skills. In addition, when paying for my food I was told that they only take cash so I had to go out and get cash to pay for this horrible experience and that didn't sit well with me, I almost said screwed it, but my conscience said don't do it, so I went back and paid my bill.  Long story short, if you want good customer service and u want good food I would recommend going to Denny's or Bob Evans. Oh yeah one more thing, if no stars were a choice I would have put none!!!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Great-tasting deep dish pizzas.  They make a mean calzone as well.  I'm a little sad that they don't use fresh mushrooms.", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "These guys literally saved me.  I had a RFP due during the holidays.  With my computer and printer crashing, I was in a serious bind.   I usually go to Staples Printing Centers-- but, they couldn't get it done in time.   So, I got on the Peoria Chamber website and International Minute Press/Desert Sky Printing came to the rescue.  They finished my printing and the RFP was turned in with 1 hour to spare.  I recommend them highly!", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "Below average food. The service can be spotty, depending on the time of day.\n\nJust..look elsehwere. I'm surprised they are still in business.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Having dined at many other Vegas buffets (the Wynn, the Paris, the Mirage, etc.) I found myself very underwhelmed. Everyone raves about the Bellagio buffet but I just kept wishing I had gone to the Wynn.\nThe decor is decent and the quality of the food is good, but there wasn't much of an assortment. I went for 4th of July brunch at around 11:30am and the sushi bar wasn't open, there was not a single pasta dish, the slice of meat I got was fatty and veiny, and our drinks took 20+ minutes to arrive.\nI will say that the fruit was fresh and yummy (melon, berries, etc.) and the desserts were good, but it wasn't enough to make me want to come back here ever again.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Had a groupon decided to check it out, steak was good, server was lacking. It was busy and loud which wasn't bad but it was our first time there, so we weren't familiar withthe menu. Some of us had steak and some had salmon. The salmon came with sides and the steak did not. I wish the server would have told us more about the menu or asked if we wan't sides. The server checked in once and never offered anyone a refill of their drinks.  It felt like they were put out by the groupon and didn't want to deal with us. Prob won't return.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Last year, I was here on vacation. We had a great experience, which ultimately led us to spending a good amount of money. \n\nI got a gorgeous pendant that I love. Their salesperson told me that my pendant was made of white gold. I'm not quite sure what to believe, but I love the pendant setting and the pearl, of course. \n\nThe problem is that.... when I tried to wear the pendant regularly, I found that my skin would rash wherever the pendant would be resting on. My skin only rashes with low quality metals. My skin doesn't rash with sterling silver or white gold, which this business claims to sell. \n\nI still love my pendant, but I don't know what to do now. I suppose just wear it once in a while for short periods of time... it makes me sad because I really really like the pendant. :(", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I've been debating about writing this review.  I love cupcakes and I was so excited when I so this store.  The store inside the mall is very cute.  The staff is amicable, but not overly helpful.  Which is ok, the cupcakes look good, however, looks are not all, even for cupcakes.  I got the Lemon Raspberry and the Coconut, as well as a Key Lime cake pop.  I tried the cake pop first.  It was gummy tasting and neon green.  I have been to Key West and I never saw a neon green key lime.  Then I took a bite out of the coconut one.  The cake per se was not bad, however the frosting tasted like oil.  Not appetizing.  So, I closed the little container and tried the Lemon Raspberry.  I guess I have been spoiled by other cupcakes in town.  Again, the neon yellow color for the cake.  Where do they get these citrus. (see picture)  The cake tasted like the ones from the grocery store.  I ended up throwing them in my garbage, making sure to smoosh it down, in case I had a Miranda moment (only if you have watched Sex and the City you will get this).  At least I know I won't be tempted at the mall anymore.  I guess I should be thankful????", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I booked a session and decided to also use my coupon for free Easter collage. The girl told me it would take 45 min to print. Showed up 45min later and I guess they were having issues formatting it to print out correctly. Hour and a half total spent waiting and the guy kept saying if you wait I'll give a free print. I had already waited hour and a half along with session time and a five month old wasn't going to deal with it much longer. I don't travel to chandler often and live 30min from this location. I told them they needed to mail it to me and I left furious. Never again!\n\nUpdate: The area manager did contact me and had my missing photos mailed and also had one of them framed for me.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "My wife and I participated in the MS Walk and decided it was the perfect opportunity to give the famous River Cafe a try.  What a beautiful spot and a great ambience.  We were greeted by a couple friendly hostesses and shown to an indoor table as the patio was full.  We got a great spot by the window that opened, so a great compromise.\nThe experience.  The menu did not have a lot of lunch options (brunch was the focus of the day) and the ones that were offered were somewhat difficult to figure out.  Frustrated I ordered the bison burger and my wife had the flatbread.  The food came quickly enough (wasn't busy) but that is where it all went awry.  The bison burger was small yet I could not finish it as there was a strange flavour to it that made it sickening after a while.  The potato salad that accompanied it was good.\nThe flat bread was not good.  There must have been something wrong with it as it had a sweet but pungent smell (and taste) to it.  We are not ones to complain but when the server finally returned (no quality check, and did not see her until we were done with the place) my wife mentioned it was a little weird. The server did concur that something seemed off and promptly took the item off the bill which was appreciated, but also expected as it was not edible.\nOverall I am glad we went because we had been wondering about this place but I would be very hesitant to go back.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Food was OK. Nothing special. Its tastes like frozen food. I had the chicken breast over veggies, and my son had a southwest wrap. I think the best part was the sauces they use. The smoothie is just some concentrated mix, no real fruit. Not my cup o tea. This is a family ran joint. Which is fine, but how I found out it was family owned and operated was not fine. Scene- Husband and wife arguing about daily duties and how they cant keep doing \"this\" every day. Along with the wife grilling (no pun intended) her daughter about letting the dog out, homework and so on. I wasn't eves dropping, they were standing 10 feet away from my table. It was hard not to hear. Leave that stuff at home. Nobody wants to hear it.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "It's good. The rolls are better than the sashimi although one time we had some really nice(and surprising) maguro. We always get the hamachi jalape\u00f1o roll and some sashimi so don't get me wrong when I say the rolls are better than the sashimi. It's still enjoyable. Good atmosphere and my girl likes the martinis. Little Tokyo in Mt. Lebanon and Kiku in Station Square are better. Nakama is good for some enjoyable sushi and, more importantly, the atmosphere.  You can go here and watch the pens game AND eat a roll.  Can't say that about a lot of sushi restaurants.\n\n4.5 of 10 relative to sushi quality alone", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Frybread is good, but there isn't enough substance. I got some watered down beans, hardly any ground beef and mostly lettuce.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I've had 3 other laser tattoo removals before I came here so I know what I should be getting. Honestly she didn't even go over it all the way with the laser. There's quite a bit of the tattoo that's untouched. I'll be going somewhere else for the remainder. It's not worth the pain if it's not even going to make a difference.", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "HAD to come here today because my son wanted falafel balls for dinner(I went to Costco, Walmart, nobody carries them.) I hate the customer service here but love the products. Today at checkout, I didn't get a hello but I got a thankyou and a have a nice day. Maybe things are starting to look up here. It needs to because there is never anybody in this store. They are probably busy on Saturdays. Today, they had 3 checkouts open and there was not a queue at any.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Pretty good for a first time. My UberEATS delivery experience was mediocre but the pizza was one of the best I've tried so far. \n\nI ordered the Mediterranean and it had a lot of flavor from all the different veggies and spices. My only complaint is: the crust was a bit dry, a little more olive oil wouldn't have hurt. \n\nI'm very captious about my pizza, but I honestly state I would order another one again in the future.", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "My daughter and her boyfriend were very excited to go here. They paid almost $200 for 2 Buffet of Buffet 24 hour passes . They had crab sushi shrimp and oysters. \nThen about 2 hours later she started feeling very Sick . For the next 2 days she could barely move , vomiting , diarrhea cold sweats . Her whole vacation was ruined. \nWe returned to the Rio seafood buffet talked to manager MIKE . \nFilled out the security forms  with the EMT .   \nMike tells us that even though she got food poisoning from there seafood . And could not use the 24 hour pass . He could not give a refund. But He offered a free buffet if she wanted to eat there again... Really ???  \nGood luck eating here!!!!\nYou go to a casino to gamble money ,not your health!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I honestly didn't find this place to be all that.  Don't get me wrong its a nice modern place but I can find better made items that Honey Salt offers for way cheaper price.  The only good thing that I was blown away by is their Fried Calamari.  That was a pretty legit dish.  Their biloxi buttermilk fried chicken sandwich I believe i can get somewhere else for cheaper and made better.  We also got their Caesars Salad and that was literally 14 dollars for some salad with a touch of caesars dressing and some cheap \"free range\" chicken breast that was grilled.  Overall not too impressed with what they served.  And this is on a hunch but if bread was given to everyone as an opener then they most def didn't care for us.  Everyone else had bread on their tables but us, don't know if you had to order it or not.  \n\nAgain, overall the place is well lit and looks great.\n\nFoodwise....id go somewhere else.  As a local i should've known better but wanted to try something new.  Now i know, i won't go back.  There are other places around town to get same food for cheaper price and same quality. Good luck.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Bought a bow here. They have nice equipment. But, the staff member I worked with seemed like he didnt have time for me and any questions i had. I got a too cool for school kind of vibe here. Should have purchased elsewhere and i wont be going back. Told my close friend to take his $1200 bow purchase elsewhere. Sportsmans warehouse has much friendlier customer service.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Yet another example of a business cashing in on location at the expense of quality. Cocktails are chain-restaurant worthy, wine list is weak, and seafood is only barely competently prepared. \n\nCalamari was good. Worth it, served with a large pool (at least 2 cups) of seasoned mayo. \n\nLobster roll was rubbery and tasteless. The bun was exceptional however. The salmon was Kirkland's best, and \"crusted with pecans\"=sprinkled.  Hmm. The grouper sandwiches were passable. McCain fries. Yum. \n\nThe day was sunny. The company was excellent. I noted the The Pump ouse Grill on Lakeshore. I'll park there next time and enjoy the wings.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Previously, my review was removed. So let's try again. I started to come here in 2011 and I LOVED Neos. But now, if I could I would give this place a ZERO.  Sherrie was the girl that always did my laser and it was comfortable to be around. As my six treatments went up, I signed up and made a new package, and then soon again, those six were up, and I signed up again. THIS TIME THOUGH, I spoke to Monica before I signed anything. I wanted to make sure I would get a refund for any treatments if Sherrie was to leave or if they were to move locations because I was well aware that their policies are not very consumer-friendly. Well, guess what? They moved locations and nobody told me and my appt. had been cancelled. I called Neos to see what the deal was and Brian was super rude and said he would never agree to a refund, even though it is written in my chart. He said he can \"make it worth my while\" to drive all the way to another office which is 45 minutes from my house when I was only driving 20 to Peoria. He offered me a free microderm... I'm 20 and I told him I don't want one and he said that he would suggest it since my face needs a \"detailing\".... If that isn't rude I don't know what is. It gets better because he told me his tech Charlene is great and that she is BETTER then Sherrie and has a lot more experience. I did not think that it was professional to talk trash about former employees... especially when I have done so many  treatments with them. I have requested my chart to be faxed to me and nobody has gotten back to me. I had two treatments left and he wouldn't refund those treatments, even though I have been a loyal customer for so long. Instead of microderms, how about paying for gas and miles? Super rude service, DO NOT GO HERE.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I had the country fried steak and would recommend it.  It's pretty small in the dining area, so I would not recommend a group larger than 4, even so 4 is pushing it.  Knocked off 1 star for cash only.", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "This was my first visit to Top Golf, and I brought two family members visiting for the holidays.  The overall concept is quite fun - as an activity alone, we would rate this 5 stars - it is REALLY fun and something you can imagine yourself doing over and over as a social event.  Why two stars, you ask?\n\nThere are major issues with this place that test your patience.  First off, when you walk in, its total pandemonium (we came here at 3pm on Friday).  There are two line queue's but no signage or help as to what the lines are for, or where to even stand in line.  As it turns out, the first line is the \"membership line\" - everyone needs a $5 membership.  \n\nThe second line, is to \"check in\" - by which they scan your new membership card and ask whether you want a bay on a specific floor.  \n\nBoth of those tasks sound SO easy - and they should be - yet we still waited in line for about 40 minutes to accomplish these two tasks.  The entire time, we and everyone else in line are talking about how inefficient this place is and you would think the managers would see this once, and rearrange things to make it easier.  After all, we really wanted a beer - we could have been through two rounds at the bar in the same amount of  time we spent waiting around to check in.  \n\nAfter all that, we still went to the bar and had two rounds while we waited.  Good selection of beer, bartenders were fast to see that we wanted booze and wasted no time in getting it.  \n\nThen, we get our text message - our bay is ready, requiring us to go muscle into the line and tell the check in staff we are ready (which then irritates everyone in line because you are obviously butting in), but thats the way they like it here I guess.  \n\nWe head to our bay with a \"bay concierge\" that gives us the down low on the mechanics of play.  Its not the most intuitive thing in the world, but it works.  \n\nWe start hitting balls and our waiter shows up.  He literally walks us through the entire menu, page by page, explaining burgers, and appetizers, and frozen margaritas like we had never been to a pub before and didn't know what a \"slider\" was.  (Mind you, you pay by the hour at this place, so someone taking your time is quite annoying).  We order a bucket of beer and chips and guac, and shoo him off and get back to our golf.  Beers arrive, chips arrive - and our waiter arrives..... and stays.... and gets all chatty about football and where my family is from, and his Grandma in Colorado, and what it was like working after Christmas, and all sorts of topics that none of us care to talk about.  ugh, leave us alone - we are here for golf and beer, not a new pal.\n\nWhen the chips came out, one in my party leaned over to the server and said, \"do you know one thing thats missing in this place?\"  The server leaned in all interested.... \"napkins - there are no napkins on the table\".  Our server launched into a story about why there are no napkins - another server spilled a huge tray of soda into a bussing cart and that knocked over someones golf bag, and on and on and on..... and no napkins.  He stopped talking and stared at us - and we asked him, \"could we have napkins?\" - and there was this 'oh yeah' moment - he was oblivious at times.\n\nSo, we shoo waiter off to get another bucket of beer and a refill of chips, and he comes back with the beer, and no chips (and again, all chatty - does this guy have other tables?).  The refill of chips took about 20 minutes.  We came at an odd time, and we were expected home for dinner, but the burgers and sandwiches on other tables looked very good.\n\nThe kicker though, was that near the end of our session, our new buddy server out of the blue told us that the day after Christmas, there was a five hour wait, and they ran out of food, and booze, and kegs, etc.  He told us that they were going to get a lot of negative reviews for that on an email service card that is sent to you the next day after playing.  He asked us if we wouldn't mind marking everything 5 stars because they really needed the good marks, and he would buy us desert if we said yes.  \n\nOK, this is the business guy in me coming out now, but the whole reason for getting feedback from your customers is to IMPROVE and figure out where you are failing.  The fact that you have a 40 minute check in process, or that you ran out of beer one night, or that there are no napkins on the table, or that there seems to be tons of staff walking around but not helping the bottlenecks - these are ALL issues that management needs to be aware of - but instead, they try to bribe you so that you will rate them the way they want to be rated.  If I owned this place, I would be PISSED off.   \n\nAgain, its a really fun concept, but it will try on your nerves big time.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I've heard great things about Toast for breakfast and lunch so thought we might get it a try for dinner...  We walked in around 6:30pm on a Friday night,  the restaurant was about half filled. There were plenty of seats in the the front of the restaurant but our party of four was seated in the very back beside the bathrooms and back door.  We sat there for a few minutes (not wanting to be difficult or affecting the order in which the servers were sat)  but  we really couldn't take the cold draft from the back patio door and constant bathroom visits.  We politely ask if we could move to the front.  The hostess obliged but didn't seem too happy about it.  The same server continued to wait on us once we sat in the front (we were glad because we did not want to make him lose a table) .  \nWe were brought a loaf of soft bread to table, pretty tasty but the butter is a little different.  It is a sweet butter with orange zest.  \nWe were told they were out of the ricotta ravioli (the dish I happened to be eyeing) but was told they can substitute the mushroom ravioli.  I ordered the mushroom ravioli,  my husband the lasagna, our friends ordered the chicken pot pie (all white meat), and chicken Marsala with ravioli side.   The server came back out and told us there was only enough ravioli for one of us...... so my friend changed his order to the green beans and mashed potato side. When our  meals came out they served him ravioli, he was told by the server they found some ravioli in the back- um okay, would have been nice to know before he got his meal as he was already looking forward to eating the dish he thought he ordered.  He was served a 2 mushroom ravioli and 1 ricotta (which he said was much better than the mushroom). \nI was told by my friends that the chicken Marsala and chicken pot pie were good. My husband's lasagna was good but very rich!! I could only eat a couple bits, he couldn't finish it.  My mushroom ravioli was bland and tasteless. The cream sauce was very watery. I did not enjoy my main dish at all.  \nOn the bright side though, we all got salads and really enjoyed them. I had the small blue wedge salad. It was a large portion with fresh cooked crispy bacon on top. Really good! \n Our server disappeared  while we were eating our meal.  The lady who had been refilling our waters took over our table and closed our checks.  As we were leaving, we see our server  sitting behind the bar, playing on his phone and chatting with other guests....\nWe probably will not be returning to Toast for dinner. It just seemed way to pretentious and we were not impressed by the food or the 93.5 sanitation grade.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "So....they changed their prices. One star because the girl at the counter was sweet. I used to get the grilled chicken pasta for 9.00 and now it's 15.00! I can't afford to go back. I think loyalty supercedes trying to make an extra buck. Be loyal to your customers and they will return. I would have been sympathetic to a dollar more, but that's too high a jump. The pasta is good, but not Olive Garden in California  great. I'll never understand why food tastes better in Cali.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Wow! I had the new nexgen technique instead of the old gel nail method and I luv it! Tommy did a great job. No more harsh chemicals and horrible soaking in that poison!  Everyone should try it.I totally recommend it.", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "Everytime I'm in town I hit this place for curds, beer and brats. I spent a whole Sunday watching football here and had a blast. Crowded times are a little annoying, but it is a college place. Love the mustard selections too. Curds are a must!", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "I have purchased potted herbs here before and have been less than impressed- gnats/root rot are commonly seen upon close inspection and I have to dig around to find a few to take home.\n\nThis place is a bit of a drive for me and I wanted to be sure they had what I needed in stock before I drove down on a hot day. I called to ask about a specific kind of planter pot in stock, waited about 5 minutes only to have my call picked up and ended. I called back again and waited another 5 minutes for someone to tell me they had that type of pot in stock but couldn't give me any specifics on a general price point. Star Nursery IS pricier than other places, such as amazon and Home Depot/Lowe's. So when he told me they were \"pretty cheap\", I had to take it with a grain of salt.\n\nMy seedlings can wait a couple of days for an Amazon shipment. I can't patron this place this time around but maybe I'll continue to come back in the future.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Nice enough theatre, but not a great overall experience.  Only one person working the ticket counter at 7pm on a Saturday night.  Long line to get tickets meant standing outside in the sun.  No kiosks.  Screen, sound and chairs were good.  Way too hot.  I've never walked out of a theatre with swamp ass before.  10 mins of commercials prior to the \"start time\" followed by another 30 mins of previews.  Talk about pinching pennies and squeezing every ounce of profit out of the movie experience.  I'd liken it to one of those free iPhone games with adds running constantly.  Cheap. Cheap.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Tacos were good, service was good. Neither were great. I've been here twice and I like the tacos and the sauce caddie. Oh my god why did you rate it so low? It's a Mexican restaurant and they had nothing spicy. Nothing. I asked and I was greeted with a shrug. I asked other employees, another shrug. \" you mean you have no spicy salsa, sauce, nothing spicy!!!\" \" no sorry sir this is Scottsdale\". I'm not a spicy freak to be clear. They don't have Tabasco or anything even close to being hot. They have  \"habanero oil\". When I asked if it was hot the sever told me \"only if you think vegetable oil is hot cause that's what it is\" she was telling the truth. Literally! I'll pass next time.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I have visited this location three times. The staff is nice, but they get the order wrong every time and sometimes they are out of things that should be standard for an ice cream shop (out of hot fudge? At 6pm?). I know, \"first world problems\". :) I can understand one visit being disappointed, but three in a row? We probably won't be back. We'll give the local ice cream place across the street (Carolina Creamery) a try.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Hands down worst gluten free cupcake I've ever had. I cannot believe anyone would associate that product with their name, it was terrible.  Not only are all the other bakery's gluten free cupcakes superior to this one, but so are the grocery store box mixes like the gluten free Betty Crocker or Pilsburry. This was the first time I've ever thrown away dessert half-way through, I always finish or save it for later. The vanilla flavor wasn't the problem. It was so dry, that I had to take a sip of water with each bite because it would get stuck in my throat. If you're at Fashion Square and craving a gluten free treat, do yourself a favor and go to the Macaroon place. I'm disappointed, especially considering the cupcake was $5 after tax. The one star is for gluten free cupcakes only, as I have not (and cannot) try a regular one.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Frankly disappointed. Guy is one of my favorite chefs i know, he's so cool and i love his since of humor. but his menu is lacking to me. its so concentrated which can be good... if the quality can hold up to it. i got the bacon cheese burger and i could have gotten the same thing at half the price 3 blocks down the strip. seasonings were bland and LOTS of grease. the reason your getting 3 starts Guy is because I'm more the sure this restaurant doesn't represent you very well.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I went in to have car detailed and they told me it would take an hour, as I was walking away the attendant said oh, maybe an hour and a half. So after an hour and 15 minutes I asked for a status update and they told me another hour!  They have you held captive because they are only part done with each piece. I quit going to them for oil changes for this very reason...unable to deliver as promised. Won't be going back for anything except my floor mats which they didn't get put back.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Of course the food is good, employees are nice but I have never been to a slower Chick-fil-A in my life. I sat through the drive thru for 20 mins. Chick-fil-A is always super fast but these people seemed to have zero urgency. Extremely annoying.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I want to start by saying that the staff there are all very friendly and knowledgeable, however I have not had a good experience there.\n\nI have a chronic eye condition that requires me to get a hard contact lens for one eye. Typically I had to go to Oakland to get all this done and I wanted to see if I could find somewhere closer to home. I got new glasses, lenses and a new hard lens here.\n\nFirst they lost the order for my eyeglasses. They never realized this until about a month after my visit and I called having not heard anything. When I got them the prescription was far too strong and they had to back it off. So getting my glasses took over two months.\n\nFor my hard lens it took time to get that correct as well, but that is expected. It also took me several times asking my Oakland optometrist to get my records faxed to them. McCauley-Celin at first said they never received them, but they then found them in another computer system. When the first lens didn't fit quite right I went to the Wexford office to get it checked and left my lens there as it needed to be returned. When my new lens came they asked for my old one and apparently it was lost out there or somewhere. I paid for my lens with my FSA account but then was told that it should be covered under my insurance and that they would take care of it. That didn't happen so I called to ask about it. They never got back to me so I went to their Gibsonia office and they said that they owed me money and it was fixed. This all again took several months.\n\n\nIf you just need glasses and lenses and are fairly routine in your needs, you'll probably be fine. But I'm going back to Oakland I guess. The office staff just can't handle anything.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Been here a few times, the service is super slow just to order a coffee. Coffee prices are not cheap. Ive had the sandwiches which are pretty good but heavy. Most people come here to use the free wifi and they sit for hours drinking water. Not my favourite place and the inside could be fixed up a little more.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Did a BOGO for Samsung Galaxy S9 in April 2018. Arranged for in-store pick up. \n\nGot the phone, paid off my old one and closed a tablet line. All was good and my bill should of went down $10! \n\nTwo months later my bill went up $60. Called Verizon, said it was stores mess up. Called Store they put me back on the call center. \n\nGot the call center to submit a form 3x to fix the promotion and was denied for various reasons, the final one being the account was past due because they charge me extra per month.  \n\nI have paid it all off AGAIN and filed a BBB complaint. I don't care if the call center or the store fixes it, It just needs to be done right. I have been a customer for over 10 years this is not a way to treat a long standing client.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Nothing special here. It's about what you'd expect out of a Mongolian Barbecue style chain. Choose your base meat and carbohydrate (but not portions, that is set), add your choice of vegetables, then watch them roast it in front of you. I went with chicken and rice noodles, and a ginger garlic sauce. The finished product tasted like propane. The guys frying everything up work hard, but their efforts are about the best thing you can say about this place. I still like it better than Noodlecat, though, as it doesn't seem to take itself seriously. Many of the Kanji on the wall are backwards/upside down.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The staff is very nice and helpful but there pricing sucks!!!!! Very over priced. I went with my wife and my sister and brother in law, we all wanted to get tattoos. I have 6 so I am fairly familiar with tattoo pricing. Long story short why wife wanted a small piece that should be around $75 to Vegas price maybe $150. They wanted $350 bucks! They must be joking right my piece that should be maybe $150-200 they wanted $750. The point is that they apparently think that the ink is liquid gold or something.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Seems old and tired!   I ate here frequently about 20 years ago and returned for happy hour this year.  This used to be a good place many years ago, but too many great restaurants have opened in recent years to eat here.  Strange rules about what you can eat in the bar area.  Food just meh.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I went in to sell 3 nice old pieces of clothing. They told me after a few hours that they were too stocked up on those specific types of garments. I was asked if I would like to \"donate\" them instead. To which I asked where they will be donated. She said the salvation army, with her arms crossed, looking me straight in the eye (both obvious signs of defense and lying) . I gave her the thumbs up shot a smile and left. I don't really trust them\nNot sure, but I feel like they are shady and maybe corrupt. I will probably never go there again. My clothes are actually going to the salvation army next time.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Not going into great detail. But I brought my car in for a problem I knew it had. They inspected the car and gave me an astronomically high quote on repair. The staff was very nice and place was clean and neat. I simply could not afford the price they gave. After continuing to research the repair needed and shopping around for quotes I know for a fact that these guys quoted double the going rate and what I ended up paying. \n\nAnywho, there are a ton of great shops out there. And I'm sure these guys are good too. But I can't justify paying double.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Yikes don't try and get a burrito without meat and cheese you would have thought I asked for the moon!  I was told that the cooks would do it this one time but don't come back on the weekend and expect that to happen again.  How hard is it to remove something from an item\nThat has to be assembled anyhow?  Our waitress made a huge deal out of it and that we should be pretty grateful they were willing to do it.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "My wife and I flew out to Vegas for the 3-Day President's Day weekend and my 50th birthday.\nI reserved the car on-line at Hertz a few days earlier: A Mercedes C-Class from the prestige collection. I selected the Reserve This Exact Model option so that we would get a Mercedes.  I also signed up for the Hertz Gold membership so that our car would be ready for us and we would be able to skip the usually long counter lines at the McCarran Airport.  \nNone of these things happened. \nOur reservation was for 3:00.  At 2:48 I received an email confirmation that my car was ready for me and even given a stall # to find the car and license plate # to identify the car and even the color-white.  When we got to the stall there was a car, but not the car I had reserved and received confirmation for.  So, I explain my situation to a couple of workers that were walking by and they tell me that there was a Mercedes there earlier but somebody else got it.  Somebody else got it?  It was in a stall reserved for me, right?\nOk, over to the office to STAND IN LINE anyway.  The counter worker tells me there are no Mercedes available.  I say I reserved one specifically (Choose Exact Model), one was supposedly waiting for me, and I had received an email telling me this.\nHe tells me he has a better car for me:  A Cadillac.  We go out to see the Cad and I see a Mercedes, a white one, and I ask for it.  He tells me it's held for someone.  I say Yah, me.  He says he can't do it.  I ask why not.  He says it's on hold for someone else.\nI ask why the car I had on hold went to someone else and he could not explain it.\nWe look at the Cad and he tells me there are two to choose from and I would like it better than the Mercedes anyway.  Is that why there were 2 Cadillacs and 0 Mercedes available?\nAnyway, I agreed to take the Cadillac but was left wondering what is so great about Hertz and their Gold Club?  I had to wait in line, I did not get the car I reserved and was PROMISED.\nTime to start shopping around for a new rental car company.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Pretty bad. Was this place good at one time? For the price I paid, I expected something much better.\n\nTwo kids and an adult on a Friday nught. $86. Unbelievable. No selection of food. Quality of food sucks.\n\nOnly thing good was almond bread pudding.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "No stars.. yes no stars... (the app made me select one to post) the complete bs I just witnessed as a customer left me with a real stale taste in my mouth. This is the first dine in experience where the stale taste wasn't caused by the food. I went with my family to this location for lunch. The place was busy which is exactly what any good store manager would want; however a good store manager would also want their customers leaving there location feeling respected, valued, & fully satisfied with their dine in experience. Our experience started out great but it slowly showed signs that it was headed down hill when our burgers came to the table before our salads and shakes. We usually frequent the Parmatown location. They seem so much more professional. When our shakes were delivered to the table the chocolate shake made it to the table but the strawberry banana shake was poured into my wifes lap. As you can imagine this feels great in an air conditioned room while wearing shorts. The shake poured straight down my wifes bare leg into her shoe and onto the floor. My wife received a borage of \"I'm sorry!\"s which is awesome and conveys how the workers were feeling at the time. The most important question or worry during this situation is #1 How does the customer feel? #2 How can we help them? #3 What can we do to rectify the situation? In retrospect all we received was late food, apologies, wet pants, napkins, and a bill to pay for it all. Yes a bill! The manager came over attempting to offer apologies and a mop. Not once did she offer a solution to rectify my wifes ruined clothes and meal. I as her husband had to speak up and ask for some type of resolution. Some people have the knack to be a store manager while others just don't. This type of manager is what I commonly refer to as a floater. Floaters are managers who do just enough to maintain current numbers and current status quo. They really have no talent or abilities which are beneficial to improving the overall profitability or running of the store. When this location implements points #1,#2, &#3 they will be taking a step in the right direction. It is needless to say that we won't be back anytime soon nor recommending it.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "We just recently purchased a house with a pool. Being first time home and pool owners we want to make sure we are doing it correctly. I've taken my water to be tested here multiple times and each time they act as if it's a great inconvenience for them to spend a minute testing the water. \n\nCustomer service seems severely lacking and often feels like they just want you to leave when you walk in. They don't greet you as enter and give half hearted answers to your questions. If you're looking for good service and knowledge please avoid this place. I for one will be looking for a new pool supply store.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "All you need to know is DRIED AND BLAND. My burrito tasted like cardboard. If you've placed cardboard in your mouth, you know what I mean. Texture was similar too. \n\nOh and they forgot my order. I stood there for 10 mins then someone realized I didn't have my order.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I get mani/pedis, waxing and lashes. \nThe technicians are professional and friendly. \nThe salon is clean and trendy. \nIf it wasn't for the receptionists at the front desk \n(or should back desk), I may have given a 5 star review. I have to say that I've never encountered such a rude, unfriendly, caustic group of women. \nI've been told that this is a common complaint and that the owner knows, but doesn't care.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "This review is not for the food or dining, it's only for the reservation & host/management experience.  In short, making a reservation means nothing!  I reserved a table for 4 on Saturday night at 7:15pm to welcome my colleagues to a nice meal while staying at the M Resort & Casino.  It was crowded when we arrived, and the host snapped at us saying it would be another 30 minutes for our reservation. I asked if we could go to the bar while we wait, and she said there was no room there either.  So we went to a Casino bar & came back 30 minutes later, and the manager told us it'd be at least another 30 minutes.  They weren't at all polite, they acted like we were being a pain for coming back. SERIOUSLY?!  So I asked them to take my number down & call me when the table was ready, and she begrudgingly did.  Well, they NEVER called me to say our table was ready.... good thing we snagged one at the Burger & Brews place next door.\n\n\nClearly, Anthony's doesn't know how to manage their reservations.... obviously an OpenTable reservation doesn't guarantee you a table.  We were super let down because the menu looks great, but I can't comment on that.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Other than being served pretty cold (through the drive thru), the food wasn't that bad.  Would have been way better warm though.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Food is average. Service is mostly good. \n\nTried almost every breakfast plate as well as the burgers.\n\nLook elsewhere for good eats.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Apparently this is the first review for this company. I can't fathom why others have not reveiwed this company. My 23 year old garage door finally gave up the ghost the other nite. I got quotes from some competitors ranging from 750.00 to 1,100.00 dollars. Both companies came immediately said I needed a new door. I expressed to them by budget was limited and a new door wasn't in that budget. A friend said contact AAA Action Doors. Contacted Josh (part owner)...Told him my budget was limited. He came out took one look at the door,..Said we got this it can be repaired w/o question..All that was needed was new metal bracing along the top and middle. He installed the metal bracing in less than 45 min....I had an operating door again..and saved a bunch of money.", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "The owners of this restaurant have another location in Charlotte that has been open a very long time, and I can't, for the life of me, figure out why! My husband and I LOVE a good deli and were so excited to see this place so close to home. The excitement wore off about 5 minutes into the visit. Service was okay, but felt like I had to order and get out in record time. I ordered a Ruben and my husband ordered a corned beef sandwich. They should be ashamed of themselves with the quality of bread and corned beef that they serve. The cole slaw and potato salad tasted like they bought it packaged from Walmart or Sam's Club. There is nothing special about this place and I can make a better corned beef brisket at home, which isn't saying much. Skip this place. Sadly we still have to wait to get a good New York deli in Charlotte and surrounding.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Well, it was not amazing. There are better places in Charlotte to get sushi. And we were over charged for our drinks! Aside that, the service was great and the place is nice. Would I go back? Likely no.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "if i could give a 0 star i would...\n\nso my husband and i decided to try the Clicklist function of order online and pick up groceries curbside. we arrived at 7:01 pm and watched for well over 10 minutes through the glass at the associate that was manning the station took cell phone calls, cut paper with scissors, took a selfie and what not before my husband went into the store proper to ask about getting our order. well after a minute after returning to the car after talking to customer service we decided to film said associate. she took another call and what not and we have well over 4 minutes of footage of her doing nothing. at this point we hit the 20 minute mark of waiting and my husband went back into the store where he was met by the cs employee and the manager. they called the associate up and she admired she'd taken some calls and told us we should have called her to let her know we were there. the websites specifically states to stay in your car as they come out to you and no phone number or instructions to call are issued in the confirming email i received. the manager didn't even apologize for her employee or try to make amends just assured my husband our card hadn't been charged as of yet so we canceled the order. we went to the smiths on sahara and nellis our normal store which doesn't have the Clicklist feature. i told them what happened and they gave us the office number to the area and we will be calling them as well as submitting screen shots of my confirming email, my order confirmation number and the 4 plus minutes of video to their corporate email. \n\ngood luck explaining the cell phone usage.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Food is good but they dont let you mix match like bdubs ... So for that u get two stars bruh", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "After having issues with nearby Terrible Herbst. Trying to use Gift Cards, I received . Went to this one. Was in and out with no issues. Thanks Sarra. Worth leaving one of the Gift Cards at other store.", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "Although I have been going to DeFalco's for years, my last visit was a waste. Two orders of side salads were not included in my take out order. So I returned and received them. Only to return home and find out my 4 orders of meatball subs were not even correct. How do you get meatball subs mixed up? SMH. Not worth the drive since I'm coming from Mesa for what use to be friendly and exceptional service and correct orders of what I order.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "They were very manipulative and literally ripped us off. Don't go there because the price is absolutely not worth the food!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The most bland tasting Italian food that I have ever had! Unfortunately, the only good thing was the cappacino. Very over priced as well! The food comes out on basically an assembly line with a salad extremely drenched in dressing. Garlic bread was decent. I was very excited to go to this restaurant and it was a major let down for my family. We had linguine and clams,manicotti,and lasagna. Each dish was equally lackluster.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "We ordered sisig and they told us it would be ready at 12:30. It was let ready till almost 2 pm and we needed it for a birthday party. The lady at cash didn't even care or apologize and was rude. I'll never go back there", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "When this salon opened, they were great.  Over the past few years, ownership/management changes have really led to a decline.  The pedicures I have had there haven't been very good for a while.  I recently found an older gift certificate I had, so I took it in and the lady (who had not one other customer, by the way, laughed when I asked if I could still use it.  She said that they expire a year after the purchase date (which is not noted anywhere on the gift certificate.) \n\nAny business should always keep a consistent accounting policy.  Gift certificates outstanding should be noted in the event of a sale and still honored if not disclosed with an expiration as this one was not.  I was there to have several services and they lost an additional $60 above the pedicure value of the gift certificate that they should have honored.  I went down the road to my preferred salon.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Just a little update-  The Klondike no longer offers any table games. So no more 10 cent roulette and no more $2 blackjack. This was a huge surprise because the 10 cent roulette was the huge draw of this joint. Without the table games, all you're left with is an extremely run down casino that has such a thick layer of cigarette smoke wafting around that it's like you're walking through a Vegas gambler's fog. I think the only thing that's left are the slot machines... I wouldn't be surprised if they tear this place down and start over from scratch. Might be the best thing. (by the way, I was going to rate this place 4 stars if they still offered the table games, but with those gone, there's nothing left to draw you in)", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Note: This review is strictly based on the food at Fresh and not the juices and such.\n\nFirst off I'm not a vegetarian but can appreciate a good vegetarian food when I have one and the food at Fresh was VERY bland (yes even for vegetarian food). \n\nI had the dragon bowl with the noodles and the sauce and vegetables and tofu had next to no taste (a little marinade with the grilling would go a long way). There was however some bean wrap (starts with a K) that was pretty tasty but that was pretty much it from the bunch of items we had on the menu. \n\nThe place looked alright, but was far too expensive for the sub-par food (my dragon bowl was just $14 for sub-par fast food almost). Not only that but maybe they should've moved the juicer to the back or got someone who knows how to juice considerably haha. The juicer man kept freaking the bejezus out of the whole restaurant everytime he stuck a fruit / vegetable in the juicer and the thing would give out this awful extremely loud noise that would shut the whole place up and it would become awkwardly quiet.\n\nAnyways I give this a 2 stars for expensive sub-par fast food, uninteresting (overdone) design, and food creation tactics. It seems the chain is just trying to catch on to the healthy vegetarian food craze and make as much money as they can while sacrificing originality and good food in the process.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I don't know what's worse!!! The salesman who LIED to me when I signed my contract for this place or the club kids with no gym etiquette?? Nice equipment even if it's not laid out well! Three year contract can't end soon enough!!!!!!!!!!!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I can't do Italian food unless it made by my mother, grandmother, or grandfather. All who descend from Sicily. However, this place silences even the most difficult critics. Each dish made with care, the kitchen obviously has a deep respect for this cuisine. And the employees treat you like family. Overall an authentic Italian experience.", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "My iPad Air screen was completely smashed, so I researched screen repairs.  Needless to say, it was very expensive to repair.  I stumbled upon this shop on the internet, I read up on them and they appeared to be a legitimate business.  Eventhough I was nervous to ship out my iPad, I shipped it to them (insurance and signature confirmation). They received it on a Friday, and I got it back the next Friday.  \nI received my iPad Air back in pristine and like-new condition.  It had been packed nicely and securely upon arrival.\nThank you, I am so happy to have my iPad again with a new screen.", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "This is really the tale of two bars.  \n\nThe positive is that drinks are cheap and the food is pretty good.  I've had few things in my stops there and I haven't been disappointed by food yet.  The wings are fantastic, the sandwhichs are filling, and the sides are tasty.  \n\nI go here when i'm waiting my girlfriend to get home from work on mondays and the bartender monday sucks running.  She can't focus on more than one task at once and therefore is constantly flustered which makes for an uncomfortable air in the bar area. I've witnessed one of her meltdowns actually clear a pretty full bar.  Dear owner, this trainwreck is costing you money...you might want to consider upgrading staff.\n\nThe times she hasn't been there and a capable staffmember has been working has produced fun experiences.  That said, given the location it is what it is:  a yinzer bar bordering a less than desireable area of town and has everything that comes with it.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Great product of course but that is not the problem.  Cashiers!   Can your hire some?  I've been at this store three different times since thanksgiving and the lines are at least six people deep.   I put down my purchases and left.  I guess I am impatient but i would rather not wait that long.  Get your multi staff on the floor check out devices so that they can ring a customer out! Or add another register at the front.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Came in here looking for a lively country bar in Vegas, let me say this is not it. The bartenders and staff are very nice. The atmosphere has more of an older crowd, my friend and I were the only ones doing line dancing. We had an okay time. We asked for a special 9$ jar for both of us and received a bill for 50$! We let it go and went on with our night but even the nicest clubs in vegas are not that much! Added bonus everyon starts leaving around 12 and you yourself will have to leave before 1 or youll be bounced out too!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "One of the better chinese restaurants on the strip that are both delish and affordable . I would recommend the fried rice , spicy cucumbers and beef noodles", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "Highs: Ambience, value, pizza and deserts. This is a genuine Italian grocery and I might shop here during the day when the crowds are smaller. The restaurant meals are cheap for what you get and word is out among the ASU students and young families. Pizza crust was chewy, crispy with just the right amount of char, like a good bread. Cannoli was outstanding, obviously had been freshly filled, as shell was perfectly crunchy and the sweet ricotta center had a nice clean flavor. Lows: Pasta and disorganization.  It was a packed Saturday night and they weren't prepared. The wine glasses and forks ran out. They had a weird ordering system where there were two cash registers, one halfway through the line. When one of the staff would become available they would open the halfway register, which meant that someone who was lucky enough to be there at that moment would get to order early, in effect cutting in front of the rest of us who had been waiting longer. Our ravioli and filled shells came out lukewarm. As Yogi Berra once said, \"Nobody goes there anymore. It's too crowded.\"", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I booked a flight online and although my flight has \"cancel or modify\" option online, when I click on it, it tells me to call the airline. The wait time, gasp, is 45 minutes.... I have a full time job. I should be able to cancel a flight online. Last time I called them, I waited almost an hour and it turned out they had me call in because they wanted to sell me some promotional credit card. NOT WORTH THE DISCOUNTS!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Excellent. Here for some drinks and team building. Mainly drinks.  Then Hank showed up.   We was already drunk.  Instantly started hitting on every woman he saw.  The he yelled, \"check this out!  I'm going to see how many golfballs I can shove in my mouth!\"  It was 7.  He shoved 7golfballs in his big mouth.", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "The food was ok. I like the Miami location better. The atmosphere did not feel young and hip like the Miami location. The fried chicken was pretty tasty.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Interesting that this place closed. The one in Jersey where I lived was packed at all times. I can say perhaps it was the youngsters working here with the attitude of not wanting to serve. Walked in and was the only person there and I could see that I was clearly an annoyance. Not just the waitress but even the person behind the counter -I suppose he was the cook? Food was ok but customer Service is probably what caused this location to close.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Don't get me wrong....nice place & good shopping. But no place to park!!! Valet has roped off more & more space which sit mostly empty. Or drive in circles searching searching. Kinda shitty to have to park at a place where you are already going in to drop $$$", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I don't get the allure of this place. Average food and somewhat overpriced. Service good but not great. Many better restaurant choices in the Montrose area for sure!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "On their way to shutting down and I can see why. This place is overpriced even with the 10-30% closeout discounts plus I've never been into a Sports Chalet and had a good customer service experience. The staff always acts like they're way to busy to say hello, smile or help anyone with anything. Not sad to see this place go. Surprised they've been open this long....", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I have to start this by saying my first trip to Doan's was 3.5/4 star material - slow service but friendly, I enjoyed a delicious veg/tofu pho (in a beef broth) and my dining companion ordered a bun with nicely flavored meats and a pretty good spring roll on top - but my second visit made me wonder.\n\nI was out with my sister when we realized we were hungry, and were in the mood to have a beer or glass or wine with dinner, I couldn't remember if Doan's was serving yet so I called while on the road and a woman informed me they do sell beer and wine, but not liquor. Worked for us. My sister is also a vegetarian and although I couldn't remember if I saw a veg section in the menu, we did find one online so we figured we were safe, and then we arrived... First, our waitress informed us they don't serve alcohol yet. Um, okay? After a ridiculous wait to get someones attention to ask if they had a veg menu supplement, we were informed by a waiter that they used to, but have since chucked it. Great. Unfortunately he was unwilling to point us in any direction or give us any veg friendly options. Okay, back to the menu.\n\nI ordered the rocket shrimp and the bun with chik/pork/springrolls (after they informed me they don't serve the banh xeo listed on their menu). My sister ended up ordering the wonton soup with tofu/veg and the tofu/veg pad thai. My food was fine, but for her, she ended up with a plain wonton soup and the seafood pad thai. If it hadn't taken so long to get the first round of food she would have sent it back, and the waitress was very grateful she didn't want to send it back and that she agreed to pick around the seafood and eat the dish. My sister then asked for a few steamed veggies on the sides to supplement the lack of vegetables in her pad thai, the waitress agreed without issue. \n\nEverything seemed okay, though the veggies arrived in a completely different sauce, but when we got the bill I was a little surprised. Not only did we have to pay for the seafood pad thai that we clearly did not order (and all the seafood was left stacked on the side of the plate), we also had to pay for the side of vegetables! seriously?? It was only a few dollars more in the end, but included with the lack of service (in a fairly empty restaurant), there are just better places in town to get great tasting Vietnamese food with better service. Sorry Doan's, maybe next time.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I went to the kids doctors office. My daughter really like it. The office and rooms had all different kinds of themes throughout. I think I'm also gonna bring my little brother here too.", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "As a guy I was nervous about my first waxing experience but I was greeted with kindness and was made to feel extra comfortable. The place among walking in does cater to women but men can also get waxed here. I guess not many men manscape but if you need anything done I recommend this place, its clean, quiet and comfortable.", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "Cute place. Lots of color choices. My nails were shaped and painted nicely, but my nail tech cut me, drew blood and didn't even apologize. He was hurting me when he was cutting the cuticle on one of my toes and when I asked him to stop he didn't... he ended up drawing blood. He then left me with dried blood on my manicure. Gross. I had to go back and ask someone to fix it. They were nice but made me wait and ended up not being able to fix it. They literally let me walk out bleeding and with dried blood on my polished toe, gave me polish to put on it later and let me pay full price for the pleasure. The rest of my nails look nice which I'm appreciative of, but disappointed about a bloody pedicure from a place with all these rave reviews. The next day my whole cuticle looks injured and I'm left with a decent size, gross looking scab. Oh well. I guess I'll just keep looking for a go-to pedi place. Be careful if you go here.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I was shocked that a half of southwest chicken salad was $6.00. I realize at the airport you typically pay more but I found this a big rip off.  Not to mention it was not big at all. It was worth perhaps $4.00 total", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I ordered large ice cream in a cup for $6.35 u want decent amount of ice cream... I told the lady at the cash register she said this is it ...the cups are large .... what a waste of money will never step foot in this store again ... notice they didn't even get high ratings in this location... customer service is zero!!!!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The food was good but overall I would suggest finding somewhere else. The service was a little slow, the food was alright but not amazing (and we are in Phoenix, don't settle for mediocre). It felt like a chain restaurant.\n\nOn the upside, it might be good for large groups.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "This place is garbage now and it upsets me because it used to be my favorite place in town to get a good pizza. The new owners lowered the quality and taste of the pizza, they even use canned sauce and frozen dough unlike the previous owners who would make their sauce. I never write reviews but this needed to be said. How much do I have to pay to get the old owners and pizza back!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "After a month of searching crappy places, Internet sales, tent events, awkward warehouses, my boyfriend and I came across this places as we were tossing up the white flag on our way to Ikea. It's clean, straight forward, and Chuck our sales guy was super helpful and not pushy. While they do have discounted and clearance mattresses they are the only ones I've found that give a 10 year warranty AND a 30 day comfort trial period on all their mattresses. How rad is that? I'd totally recommend them to anyone. :) thanks guys for making this so easy, wish we came here first!", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "Well what can I say.  The owners are very nice and try.  I think the wife should do more then seat people.  She could pass food around while the husband cooks diff meats.\n\nThey use like four of the same meats but say their different, for example adding garlic sauce on it counts as one.  Wine comes with the Groupon, however if you don't want it, you only get one soda.\n\n\n\n\nI started feeling sick before I left and believe I have food poising.  I've been gone less then 25 mins and been in the bathroom three times already.    \n\nThe meats are cooked on the grill not like Texas de Brazil when they have all the meats cooking on a rotational cooker.\n\n\nI would try it.  Spend they extra 10 and go to Texas de Brazil..  \n\nI wanted to like this place, I did.. oops back to bathroom!!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "CHOOSE A DIFFERENT AIRLINE!\nInitially,  I was a fan of Allegiant.   Early on , my extended family used it to get to Vegas from the Midwest.  But in the past year, Allegiant has failed miserably in delivering on time performance, bags, customer service , and cancellations.  Allegiant is not a large enough airline to be required to provide on time performance data, but on my last two trips to the Vegas airport, the information boards only showed ONE Allegiant flight that was not delayed on departure.   Not weather, not ATC, but all mechanical issues.  \n\nIf you are willing to risk delays or cancellation,and view an airline trip as a rapid long distance bus ride on aircraft that are not up today's standards for technology, Allegiant is an option.   If you value on time performance, and expect some measure of good customer service, choose a different airline.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Pro's-\nService was good. \nA couple of the salsa's were good. \nPrices not too bad.\nThe soup with the noodle sticks was very good.\n\nCon's\nAll of the food  besides the soup was bland. \nAll of the proteins were dry and overcooked. Chicken, Pork, Carne Asada all overcooked and bland. \nEverything on the fajita serving platter had a burnt taste after about 5 minutes. \nEvident that many of the items were not made in house. \n\nIf your by the airport try El Fresco's Cocina Mexicana. The best Mexican food I have ever tried.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Highly recommended!  I was reluctant since I'm only in town for business and usually get them done in NY.  Amazingly personable and professional.", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "Went for the first time this Saturday.  This is the first place in a very long time that actually took the time to review my hair regimen and provide recommendations.  Jodi also recommended hair products and how to manage my hair in between appts.  I think I have finally found a permanent hairdresser :)", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "I have been here twice now and love thw food! However, the place has a Soup Nazi like atmosphere. The owner runs a tight ship and you need to follow the rules. For example - The food is all made to order and they wont take your food order until it is your turn in the queue. Also, there is a note on the menu qbout a $5 charge for being a rude customer. At first I thought that was a joke, but am pretty sure it isnt now. \nI find all of it part of the experience of eating there. They are closing June 1 so try it while you can!", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "I would kill for this brisket and then request it for my final meal on death row. In fact, I would kill myself if I found out the good Lord above served this in heaven. The cheesy, jalepeno grits are also incredible.", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "Decent environment and tolerable food but poor poor service and a problems with the taps? It took forever to get a beer and it appeared as if it was because the staff was having trouble with pouring them. When I got it finally it tastes flat. I would have sent it back but I didn't feel like waiting another 10 minutes. Could be a decent place if they cleaned up their act a little but there are better options for now.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I'm sure this was exciting for many people. I, however, could not wait for the torture to end. Too loud, uncomfortable chairs and sucky if you're not a Beatles fan. Maybe the \"regular\" cirque show would have been a more worthwhile experience.\n\nHad to exit to ask an attendant for ear plugs so that I could rejoin my party and not appear rude.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Worst MAC location ever!!! After repeated attempts and fails I am no longer returning to this MAC even though it is the closest to my house... I am even considering switching my holy grail eyeliner to another brand entirely as the people who work MAC counters generally look like street walkers (and not in a good way- if there is a good way!)- not edgy, like I think they are going for! They are lazy and you have to go over to them and get in their face to get them to help you and basically hand them the product. And then they don't even say 'hi' or ask 'how are you?'- you know, the bare minimum that is to be expected in ANY human intereaction- let alone a customer service interaction at a retailer where they want my money!  I used to spend tons at MAC and now I have moved on to more luxurious things and better service at the Chanel counter... though definitely not at this Dillards- the customer service is atrocious all over at this mall! I really don't know how some of these people have jobs.  Sorry if some of my reviews seem harsh lately, but I am no longer standing for this kind of crap service.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I went here for lunch today, craving a green chile burrito. No cars in front of me or behind me in drive-thru, but I had a semi-long wait. I was ok with that since most restaurants of the like make it fresh and it's worth it. Burrito was a great size for the price, the green chile sauce was okay. But the meat was dry and stringy and not saturated/infused with green chile as if it had been marinating all day, like it should. Maybe this is just not their winner and I'll try something different another time probably, especially since it's so close to my work.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Honest review: Made an appointment at 12:30 was waiting for an hour and nothing, 2 people came in after me and was seen, bot to mention after every haircut they each took a 10 min smoke break, as i was walking out (without a haircut) they yelled, next time make an appointment bro..... \n\nDont go here unless you're a regular customer", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Food came out at room temperature. We were the first there on a Saturday and expected fairly fast service. The flavor in the Tacos was good but nothing on the plate was hot. The food temp seemed like it was sitting for awhile. I'm not sure what is going on with Hot Taco in regards to food not coming out hot. The service was great and our waitress was excellent, but the food not being HOT really disappointed us. \n\nThe manager came out and apologized. He also took care of the bill. I want to give them a second chance but it seems others have been since our visit so I'm apprehensive. I think this place would be great for drinking but not eating. Kinda sad since there are so many great options for dinning in this area and I hoped finally we would get a great place for Tacos. I guess we will wait and see if the reviews become positive before visitng again.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "This by far is probably one of the other places I have worked out at and sweat is dripping all over me. Forget fancy gyms and studio, if you want down and dirty, this is for you. The workouts are never the same, the owners Dallas and Braden will push you beyond belief and the music is kick ass. I also like fact that you can go at your own pace. When I feel myself comparing my pace to the others, the owners remind me that my only competition is myself and to do better than before. Try a class or personal session,trust me you won't be sorry!", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "We arrived during the mid-day Beat the Clock Happy Hour. Our waitress took about 10 minutes to take our order. I ordered a margarita. She forgot to ask salt or no, so I sent it back and asked if I could have one no salt; she just wiped the salt off of it. We had ordered 2 appetizers, but they came 20 minutes in between. We asked for the manager & the waitress became nicer. I felt like the length of service was designed to avoid \"Beating the Clock\".", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Had heard some good things about Marigold Maison and decided to check it out on a Sunday evening. \n\nWe had a reservation at 6 and were able to get seated right as the place was about to get slammed. First thing you walk in, there is no host station and you have to just hope one of the staff members will approach you to get your table. Once we sat down it was roughly a 10-15 minute wait until we were greeted. They gave us our menus and then after about another 10 minutes they dropped off 2 waters for 3 people. Eventually everyone was able to get their own beverage and we ordered appetizers. \n\nWe started off with the Garlic Naan and Chicken Dip. The Garlic Nan was light and airy with a crisp finish. Really enjoyed it with the Chicken Dip. The dip itself was flavorful and the chicken was prepared nicely. It was a really good start to the meal from a food perspective.\n\nFor our entrees we had the Saag Spinach with shrimp, Chicken Curry and Chicken Tikka. The Saag Spinach had a nice spice to it and a velvety texture. It combined savory flavor with the spice and went well with the rice they provided. The shrimp were cooked perfectly, big and juicy. The naan also went well with this dish as the saag has a stew-like consistency. \n\nChicken Curry is one of the first dishes I picture when thinking about Indian food and we were not disappointed. This was also a very spicy dish as we requested but the spice did not overwhelm the other flavors. The chicken fit in perfectly and was also accompanied by rice. The dish as a whole was very impressive and the spice blend was second to none. \n\nThe Chicken Tikka is essentially a whole roasted chicken with dark and white meat. We got a side of hot sauce for the chicken which was laid upon a bed of saut\u00e9ed vegetables. The hot sauce lived up to its name and was a great compliment to the chicken which was dusted in an array of spices. The chicken was juicy on the inside and had crispy skin. It is also a good sized portion. \n\nThe food was really good and it was ashame that the service was so bad. Drink refills were not done without multiple requests, and while they were busy, its not an excuse to just ignore your tables. But it wasn't reserved just for us, the table directly next to us did not see a server for at least 20 minutes and had to actually grab their own menus. \n\nWith the food being so good I was willing to overlook the bad service but things got even worse. Upon paying the bill, the server hovered over us as we attempted to sign the check. Right as we set the pen down after signing the check, we were told to leave. The quote I believe was \"we are really busy and need you to leave right now.\" It took me a moment to process that we were being kicked out of the restaurant due to their inability to handle good business. I grew up in the restaurant business and have held a variety of roles and had never seen nor heard of guests being told to leave the moment they sign the bill in order to get another table sat. At most we just wanted to take a moment to relax and finish our beverages but we obliged as I knew if I stayed any longer I would have had to say something about being treated like that. \n\nI can forgive inattentiveness when a restaurant is busy, but blatant disrespect is another thing. Its a shame as the entire party enjoyed the food but we all agreed that that was our first and last visit to the Marigold Maison if you are kicked out of the restaurant the moment you pay your bill. \n\nThe two stars is out of respect to the efforts of the kitchen staff which were impressive.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Had my Birthday dinner here while staying at the Marriott and the service and food were exceptional. you have to get the lobster potstickers and sushi for appetizers and the butterfish and short ribs for main dish! so yum!!", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "A fun atmosphere and cheerful, attentive service, but holy cow, the SALT!!!!!  I ordered the eggplant parmigiana and it was so insanely loaded with salt, it was quite literally inedible.  The server was good about removing it from the bill, and I hope the kitchen was advised of the issue.\nSeriously, it was as if the salt shaker had dropped into the pot of sauce, and they just shrugged and served it anyway. My companion tasted it, and agreed...so it wasn't just me!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I do not get what everyone is talking about; I am guessing all of these reviews are from young hipsters or pretentious middle age drones looking for some cool in their life. Let me start by saying that I enjoy what I call \"casual elegance.\" I like good upscale food, in a modern, casual atmosphere, with a laid back nice, but down to earth vibe. Somewhere like SIX PENN Kitchen or something. I decided to come here after reading many great reviews on Yelp. This place is comical, trys wayy to hard!\n\nIt is very small, tables very close. Low ceiling/dark paint so it feels very claustrophobic. It does describe itself as a lounge so I will give them that; if you like swanky lounge vibe this place is actually pretty nice. Too dark and small for my liking. The waiter, dressed in his skinny jeans and pompadour brought over a bottle of tap water to pour. We politely decline b/c I didn't want water so why waste it..ya know. He seemed offended that I didn't want water, he offered us wine, and we declined, I just wanted a diet coke because I was on call for work and could not drink. He became aloof, almost took it as a personal assault that we didn't want wine!\n\nI ordered an appetizer and the waiter asked my BF which one he wanted, the waiter said, \"Oh you want to share the appetizer\" I said I assumed it was for 2 people, as most appetizers at almost any place can serve more than one person, and it didn't specify that they were single serve. The waiter was rude, as if I should have already known this information. \n\nSo we were brought bread, a variety and this was actually fantastic. I was thinking that my meal would be great and the stuffy atmosphere would be worth it...I was wrong. I had pork shoulder that tasted like Walmart/enhanced meat. It was tough, fatty. Served with puree sweet potato that tasted like baby food. BF had \"seared\" tuna, that was just rubbery, nasty, no flavor. I'd give the meal 4/10...no lie a pork dinner from Bob Evans is better. \n\nI think this place needs to learn that sometimes less is better. Simple dishes can be better, dont need a thousand ingredients to be good. Overall the the atmosphere is what kills it. Its forced elegance. \n\nPass. There are plenty of good places in the Burgh that have excellent food, but are comfortable and laid back, but still elegant.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I love Beardens SO much but they recently changed their menu and took the chicken Caesar salad off of the menu. They have the best chicken Caesar I've ever had and that's the only reason my boyfriend and I ever go there. BRINGGGG BACK THE CAESAR", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The service sucks and it's really overpriced. We came for dinner took a look at the menu ordered the philly steak fries for an Appetizer which were delicious by the way!  Our waitress took forever and the atmosphere was ok at best. Dark bar atmosphere is how I would describe it. It's a place I would go for drinks with a few friends but not dinner.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Since it's a short walk from the office I dine here several times a month. I really like this family operated restaurant. Whether it's there Monday/Tuesday pizza special for 2 or Pasta Rustica, they deliver big on flavor.", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "Ugh! From hostess, to 15 minutes for a waiter, to mediocre at best food (flautas were blandly acceptable).  Don't waste your time or money.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Beware the breakfast scam. We're told the night before that \"breakfast was 7-10 am.\" Upon showing up we discover however it's actually $12 a person. That part they left out, hmm. Nothing complimentary. I'm a light breakfast eater. Had I known, I simply would have been prepared and went to the store the night before. I brought this to the attention of the desk clerk Ryan, whose literal response was that \"there's nothing I can do.\" So if you want a muffin for breakfast you can pay $12 for it here or you can go stay at Motel 6.  There's no free breakfast of any kind at this hotel.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I want to like this place. But the service is just too bad. Wish they take a little bit more pride in the place because it's just right down the street from my house on main street. The food is hit or miss. The salmon salad I got was a huge mess! Salmon tasted old, over seasoned, super thin, just iceberg lettuce and standard grocery store dressing. Avocado was fresh and yummy though. It was nice to have chips and salsa included. The salsa was great, but overall this place is not worth the risk with Nunthaporn across the street and the great Republica Empanada just down the street on Hibbert and first Avenue.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Went there last night but they were closed. Not sure why because it's suppose to be 24/7. It was late night though (2am) so maybe they were doing a reset or something.  I'll never know because the employees inside never acknowledged my existence (they saw me, I know they saw me)\nI go here from time to time because it's on my way home from work. The customer service is usually very good although the lines are usually long, 2 cashiers & self check are all that's open.\nDo not get the sushi, it's never been fresh any time I've gotten it. The sandwiches are good though. The prices are high but they have great sales if you have a vip card.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "There's really nothing special or noteworthy about the Village Idiot. Except that you must be one if you keep coming here. Sin and Redemption (same owners maybe?) is literally around the corner with the same menu. Village Idiot has no air conditioning, so be prepared to sweat on a summer day. Even with the big windows opened, you will be sweating. The food isn't bad but it is a bit pricey for bar food.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "FOOD was ok. We had the eggplant e-fu noodles which were very tasty - a bit spicy and savoury. The crispy veg with mixed veg was just OK. We got tea and a coke. I used a groupon ($15 for $30) and still needed to add $12 on top of the bill. So I feel like I paid a lot for just OK chinese food. \nSERVICE really ruined the experience. We didn't get our 2nd dish until way after the first. Every time we'd try to get someone's attention we were ignored while we saw others getting served. Same thing happened again at the end of the meal when we wanted to get a doggie bag and the bill.\nBOTTOM LINE - We won't be returning and I wouldn't recommend this place unless you really are vegetarian - in that case there aren't as many dining options, I guess; and I hope you end up here at a time with better servers. I think the dim sum items people yelped about look really interesting. I wish we'd gone for dim sum instead of dinner. Unfortunately we probably won't return based on this dinner experience.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I really can't say thanks to this place enough.  When I was a youth growing up in the wastelands of North East Ohio, there weren't exactly a lot of options for food.  You could go to McDonalds...or a McDonalds clone.  TGIFridays...or a Fridays clone.  Thankfully, when I was 16 or so I discovered this place.  Thanks for diversifying my palate, Empress Taytu.  You remain the standard I judge other Ethiopian restaurants against to this day, 15 years later.", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "Teharu is supremely average. The clientele left something to be desired (I guess that's not their fault though), as when I visited it was full of ASU students. The music was some terrible Billboard 100 mix. I don't know, when I eat sushi I don't really want to listen to what's on 97.5, I guess. \n\nAnyway, the food was pretty terrible. I do like the conveyor belt style, since it's a cool part of eating sushi in Japan, but I feel like they didn't really pull it off. Instead of a small amount of fresh sushi going around, it was packed full of rolls that could've been there for hours, getting warm (I didn't notice any quality control). We visited a while ago so I can't remember what exactly I tried, but it was forgettable. Tasted like grocery store sushi; very fishy and didn't have a really fresh flavor at all. Even for the price (dirt cheap), it really wasn't worth it for SUCH a sub-par meal. The cream puffs were pretty good though, and I was really amused at the snack-paks and apple juice cartons going around too. \n\nI've seen some reviews complaining about the service, but I thought the service was actually pretty good. Just had to signal someone to come over for the check and they were very attentive and nice, quick about getting it to us and giving my card back.\n\nIn summary, the next day there were stomachaches had by everyone we'd gone there with, so I will not be back; 2 stars for the cream puffs and the staff.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Booked an appointment online and received a confirmation email right away which was great but when I called to courteously let them know I was running late I was told my appointment was not with the person I booked, they left early so I was moved to someone else who also moved up my appointment to start 15min earlier. Seems there was a note to call me. Did they? Nope. Most awesome customer service ever. Will never use or recommend. Be careful ladies.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I came in becaue I work around the corner and I always used to come in for lunch. Had the French dip or should i say a bread sanwhich. It would have been nice if the food came to me atleast warm. And if they are going to serve full size sandwiches probably is a good idea to put enough meat in there so you don feel like your just eating bread. I'm going to have to pick a news lunch place.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Beef brisket only available once a week. I tried the sub and I'd rather go to Subway for a similar sandwich.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "When you face the age-old dilemma of Chinese or Mexican, why choose? A pollo diablo quesadilla with fried rice, jade red chicken, and black beans...wow. Can't forget the free cookie too. Love this place. They even let first-timers try anything on the menu.", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "Stop by here for dinner. We ordered the roast duck and wonton noodle soup, soya sauce chicken and BBQ pork over rice, and Singapore noodle. Singapore noodle was ok, but found the curry wasn't mixed well, portion was spicier than other. The noodle soup and rice was decent. Service was typical, server was little pushy in taking our order. I would stick with the BBQ items here.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "We love the food but are growing weary of the inability to get a take out order right. They are like 1 out of 6 on the last 6 orders. Sure, once you can deal with but now its obvious this store needs a new manager.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Had a 11 Person dinner there. Service was good, but Everything is over priced compared to quality. All the stakes and meet was over done (even when sent back to re do).", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Don't go here. The guy pockets your money if you pay in cash (won't give you a reciept) and says if you don't pass your smog test you will have to pay the full fee again for retesting.\nSuper unprofessional people.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Ok place as long as you never want the daily special after 7pm. Slow service, decent food.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I had my Jeep washed here twice, the first time they did their detailing job which was overpriced at 89.00, the treatments they put on the exterior washed off in the rain two days later leaving streaks all over the place. This last time I made the mistake of leaving a set of Bose earphones worth $145.00 on the console and an audio cable worth $10.00 on the dashboard, and the attendant doing the cleaning obviously figured they needed them more than I did. In short don't trust this operation. Mesa location!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Don't go here if you expect consistent or reasonable hours for the driving range.  It's clear the goal for the owners of this course is to hammer down their expenses without any concern for the customer.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Still waiting after an hour. They told us about an hour. Thirty minutes past that time and still waiting. No clue how to handle a rush of business. If not seated soon. Will never be back. No plAce is worth it. More to come..... We waited far to long. The staff was always friendly. I believe they need some one to manage the tables with more experience. It is a great place and venue. Food  was excellent as well as the appetizer. The main course came quickly. Witch still begs the question as to why we had to wait so long. It seems they are great at food, but need to invest in someone who can manage the front of house.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I have a 840 sq ft place here (now 13 months),  it is two bedroom and two bath.  When I was shown the apartment the lack of lighting in the living room or either bedroom was not pointed out to me as I believe it should have been.  That is just the start.  The rent it turns out is $300 or more for a comparable apartment in the area.  When I moved here I was under a serious time crunch and basically had to find a place faster than I would like.  The staff in this place are always very nice and very helpful.  I have never had an issue with any of them.  Most of the common areas, at least on the first floor, are extremely clean.  The halls on my level level 4 are dirty and stained.  I believe this to be because few people see my level and therefore they are not as concerned as they are with the more visible areas on the ground floor.  Also on this note the hall areas are concrete, on ground level the concrete is glazed or coated, level 4 has bare concrete so it stains and show dirt and grime very easily.  I like that the gates are actually in working order and used at all times of the day and night.  I do not like that the expensive track lighting bulbs that I am forced to accept as the provided light in the kitchen and the dining room (remember the living room and bedrooms have no lighting)are not provided by the complex.  The parking spaces are tint!!!!!  Overall the apartments are very nice but over priced by at least $200 if not $400 per month.  Look else where and you will find similar places at much more reasonable prices.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I really wanted to like this place.  With the awesome reviews and cool retro vibe, I thought we were in for a great brunch. . Instead we were greeted with a mediocre time.  \n\nOur drinks were good, but expensive. $24.50 for a Bloody Mary...Vegas prices!?!  Whatever.  The bottomless mimosas were just as expected.  The best part was the to-go cups with a fresh mimosa. \n\nThe food.... well, I ordered the Huevos Benedictito, a Spanish version of eggs Benedict.  Great in concept, but not execution.  The English muffin was tough and burnt, the carnitas was hard (how do you get meat hard & dry...too much time under the warming lamp perhaps), but the eggs and sauce were tasty.  At least there was something redeeming about the plate.  And don't even think about getting the hash browns unless you want some undercooked and not seasoned potato strings.  (I think they were potatoes?) They were bland and blended into the plate. My hubby ordered the Beach Bum omelette which looked good and full of veggies. He said it was okay, but he had the same lifeless pile of cardboard shoestring things they called hash browns. \n\nLastly, the table had no condiments.  No salt & pepper, no sugar, NOTHING. It's the little things that make up the big picture.  I hope it was just an off day, but I don't think I will take a gamble with giving Tom's Urban another chance. Sorry...", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Well if your really into the whole super hero avengers this is the place for you $34 per person kids under 3 get in free so unless your really into it go for it other wise save your money it's pretty much just a tour with the hero captain America hulk suits behind glass wire not much of interaction or hands on just walking around pictures they have costumes you can wear they try make sale get that little extra cash from you 5 pictures for $37 or 1 for $20 save your money just take pictures inside brought my son he was sooo excited but ended up being very disappointed more for under kids", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "This review is on there buffet brunch. The dishes that are avail are best average but the salad was good. There abondigas sucked along with there shrimp and grits. Try at your own risk. One thing is, that there are a lot of dishes to pick from. I liked their brisket sliders.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I've ordered from here numerous times. The burgers are great and quite a bit larger than most other places. However, my latest order on Foodora was a mess.  To be clear, the burgers were of the usual high quality.  But, instead of being wrapped in paper or foil, each burger arrived in a cardboard box of the type used for poutine or kimchi fries.  Obviously, the large boxes failed to keep the burgers from falling apart and everything was a soggy condiments covered mess.  I didn't order \"deconstructed\" burgers. Not cool!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I have been here before however, the service today was very slow. We ordered off the happy hour menu but it took 40 or more minutes to get our order. And, there were only two other customers in the restaurant at the time. Disappointing. However, the food was very good.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Avoid the Chardon Taco Bell at all costs, the workers are more interested with taking smoke breaks than actually working", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Normally enjoy Loco. However on my last visit, they refused us service after we had already been seated with no good reason. The manager on duty didn't even come talk to us to explain why. Real professional. All we were told by the disrespectful security guard was someone didn't want us there... ? What a great way to run a buisness! I am in the service industry, and me or any of my friends will never come back or recommend this discriminating establishment ever again!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The meatballs tasted like rubber, the steak tartare was warm, the rice tasted like a deep fryer hadn't been cleaned in 7 years. The only good thing we're the French fries.... but who can mess up french fries?", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Your Vegas trip is not complete without an overpriced Fat Tuesday. My favorite is the Strawberry mixed with Peach Bellini.\n\nOnly two thoughts:\n1. The servers or whatever you wanna call them are kinda rude. They take your order and give you your drink. No sense of being friendly.\n2. You might as well add the extra $1. You're probably super lightweight if you can get drunk off this slushie without it.", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "I Love Philly's and everytime I see a Cheesesteak place I have to try it, I couldn't decide between two items so I combined them add the mayo and lettuce to my Philly. WOW me! It cost me .79 to add the lettuce and I was pretty sure he didn't put either on so I look and yepp no mayo or lettuce. I take it back and say \" it has no mayo or lettuce, I ordered it can you put some on please\" I always say please because you know ( spitters) and even though it is all done right in your view the area with the veggies is blocked by the lid cover. So he makes movements like he's adding items wraps it up sends me on my merry way. I get home and I have a few pieces of lettuce and no mayo to go on my few pieces of meat on my I have to much bread. On the bright side I can scoot this  to the side and make a whole other sandwich with the bread that is left over. Dark side I don't order food to go home and make food. Was my two bites packed full of flavor that would have me running back for another $9 bite size snack. Nooo not at all. The meat had no flavor, the onions and peppers had no flavor didn't even know it could have no flavor. They did do one good thing they did wash their hands and change their gloves and use clean utensils when I said my next order had to be gluten free and she said her food was okay.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Like many other SoCal folks that reviewed this place, as much as we wanted to like it based on the other reviews, we were left disappointed. \n\nThe menu was good, a lot of options to choose from depending on what you feel like on that day. They have a number of stir-fried, rice and noodle dishes in addition to appetizers and salads. We saw that they had papaya salad so we were excited to give that a try since you don't see that at a lot of Thai restaurants anymore nowadays. We also got yellow curry chicken, since you can never go wrong with that! ....but we were wrong ): The curry was EXTREMELY sweet and watery, chicken was rubbery and rice was dry and not Jasmine-y. The papaya salad had a bed of lettuce on the bottom, which was so strange to me. At least they used real papaya but it was also sweet and not as flavorful as I would have liked. Usually in papaya salad you can smell/taste the different flavors like garlic, fish sauce, slight sweetness from the palm sugar and sourness from the fresh lime. The Thai tea was not too bad, you can tell it's real tea, just very creamy from all the cream they put on top. Once I asked them to add a bit more tea, it was better. \n\nOne thing that really bothered me was the fact that everything came in disposable plates/bowls.. like super cafeteria style, or as if you're at church/temple. It didn't give that restaurant vibe. I guess I wouldn't mind if I was still in college but for the price point, I think they can invest in some dishes. Overall, I thought it was ok if that's the only Thai place you have access to. As for me, I will most likely not come back if you want my honest opinion. I'm just not a fan of one flavor, which for this place would be sweet.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Recent trip to Medina on late Saturday afternoon.  Service was fast and friendly - no complaints there.  Unique decor and atmosphere.  We went for the burgers b/c of the rave reviews but all four adults left not happy with their burgers!  We all ordered a different specialty burger and fries (the fries are outstanding btw) but none of us cared for the texture of the burger.  Just a very weird color, texture and mouth feel.  They also use a seasoning mix on the burgers that we did not like either.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "pizza is pretty descent. I was about to 're-order something I got before - the same exact thing and yet they're charging me $20 more..(yes, $20.00 more) they said their price are higher now...hmmm, I checked their price on the menu, asked the lady for price of their \"anytime special\" and the ones on the website ....still, its exactly the same one I have in my hand....they keep records of your order history at least they could've honored the price they've given me previously. Right?.. \nYet, I  still placed my order one last time  but feeling sad because of this incident.... Plus, There's so much pizza choices around our place anyway. \n\nMessage to the Buss. owner/manager, try to keep your customers....  \n\n(You just lost me, what about my in laws, my cousins, my aunt's and my best friends....who all lives 4 mile radius from your business?) Just a thought. \n\nTip: be prepared to add $1.00 for credit card processing fee charge, $2.50 for delivery charge,  sales /food tax and ur tip for the delivery guy.\n\nLastly, $1.00 misc. Charge for switching a tomato topping to spinach.\n\nJust order a pick up special if u want to save some money.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "MaidDay ruined my gas stovetop (stainless steel scratches) and constantly dropped their vacuum on my hardwood creating dents.  They refused to pay for damages.  DONT HIRE!!!!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I've only gotten delivery from here but everything is always amazing! Reasonable pricing and huge portions. The panini sate huge and delicious. The Chicago style hot dogs and chili cheese dogs are incredible. Gyro is gigantic and yummy. I could go on and on. Love it all! .... Never mind apparently I was outside of their delivery area but the app was still allowing me to order and instead of speaking to me like an adult and explaining the situation they decided to send me my order with all portions cut in half. Charged me full price and I gave the driver a $12 tip as I always do. Everything was cold and they very intentionally left toppings off and literally cut my chocolate cake in half and sent it. Cool", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "awesome food.  front if the house...  piss poor!  empty tables, mis-managed tables and getting people in and out to turn a table.  waited 30 minutes for the check!   come on improve!!!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I've been here many a times for breakfast and it's good. However, today we sat on the patio for about 20 minutes without any of the many, many wait staff even acknowledging our presence. The wiener dog mutt friend was with us, but he was behaving amongst all the other patio dogs. It felt like we were actively being ignored when all we wanted were some eggs. After numerous meals here, this very much soured the experience. So strange. \n\nUpdate: Went again for dinner, and even though the food was good the service was yet again verging on terrible. Sigh. I want to like this place, but it's gone off our rotation for good at this point.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "If you like customization this place is not for you. If you order a wrap you get chips. Burgers come with fries. Too bad? Well you can pay an extra $4 for fries with your wrap. That sucks. The best part about this place is the beer.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I came here during my Vegas trip and thoroughly enjoyed myself. We went a bit after lunch so there was no line-up. There was a huge selection of food and everything I tried (mostly pasta and desserts) was delish!\n\nThe only thing was that the drinks were RIDICULOUSLY expensive! My friend paid ~$88 for about 3 people, which was already expensive, and a basic alcoholic drink was $16 on its own.\n\nLoved the food, but super pricey - I would've expected something more than just water to drink for the price we paid.", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "Nice atmosphere, but food left much to be desired. Veggie burger was sweet...like they used a lot of sugar. Their take on Italian wedding soup was interesting. Unfortunately the meat was not drained properly so the soup was greasy. Also over seasoned...too salty.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "3 words.....AL PASTOR TACO'S\n\nThat's all you need to know. That's all I care about. That's all they should make.\n\nSO GOOD. I mean, seriously, they are out of this world. I always get a flour tortilla (corn ones are gross to me) and extra pineapple.\n\nTop that off with a cold beer, and the salad bar and man, you are in for some damn good eats.\n\nAL PASTOR TACO'S       AL PASTOR TACO'S \n     *I am daydreaming about them now*\n\nI have nothing left to say except, message me if you know a place that makes them as good or better. Seriously.", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "They were great with the service, afterwards what a complete joke.  Can't seem to send an email because someone in their office can't spell, and then don't mail the invoice to the right address, then threaten collections within 3 weeks, due to their own errors.  Needless to say I won't be coming close to using them ever again due to that fact.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Well.  Based on the great reviews I walked a mile over here from my hotel.  And it was a whole lot of CLOSED.  Sunday night at 8:20.  Not sure what the deal is.  So.  Be warned!!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Sooooo yummmmy!  Closest to yummys in Hawaii as you can get.  Only down no Mac Salad!  Best is meat jun...second is spicy pork!  This place is sorta close to my work but they will be opening soon on Craig Rd --- on the North side.  Add Mac salad as a side and I'll give 5 stars! :-)", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "Spoon is an experience one must try. The atmosphere is lovely. I have to be honest though ...during restaurant week the service was rather horrible. I understand they have a lot on their plate serving a crowd of people. The food was nothing higher than average. I got the hanger steak special .. It came out cold and was very tough. The 1st course was a pot roast served on noddles and it was cold as well. The cheese board, wine, and bread were great! In addition the spoon bar for dessert was just okay. The topping chocolate part just tasted like a fudge Popsicle. Overall none of the dishes really stood out. I was surprised because most places for restaurant week go all out .", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Would never return.  Do you think these guys are honest? We've just moved to Las Vegas!!  Loyal BMW customers....I think we have had 10 BMWs altogether.  \n\nI walk into this dealership for a pre-inspection report on husband's 528 lease which is up.  The portfolio manager and salesguy inspect and tell me \"its in great shape except for one ding and 2 tires\" No paperwork but they say \"Trust me - we will email you the inspection report--and don't worry! We have BMW financial $$ and you will not owe anything if you turn in your car here to us!\"  \n\nFast forward =3 days:  I've spoken to sales again and they promise they will, but they do not send my inspection report and now they will not answer voicemails. (nor will portfolio manager or general manager) \n\nI guess we will just order our next BMW from another dealer who actually does want our business.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I have a friend that lives in Gilbert that swore by this place. So, I happened to be visiting an electronics repair place in Gilbert, and I just thought I would stop by and see what the fuss was all about.\n\nFirst of all, surrounding area is okay. Although, not something I was expecting in Gilbert. The interior is clean and spacious - nicely done.\n\nThe food portions were certainly generous enough.\n\nThat is the extent of positives that I have to say about this place. \n\nI ordered the #6 Combo Red Burro, enchilada style with Rice only, and I added a taco for good measure and comparison.\n\nMy summation: the Spanish rice needed more flavor, the meat in the taco was undercooked, and the cheese and vegetables didn't taste fresh at all. And the server seemed like she was very put out to take my order, and was very slow to refill my drink.\n\nIf it weren't for the aforementioned positives during the introduction of this review, I would've given them one star.\n\nI am not sure what my friend was thinking, but his taste buds may need further acclimation to better Mexican food options.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Gah! This place is always such a disaster late night. See also, #iamold. \n\nOn my most recent visit, I had to elbow my way to the bar and wait forever to order drinks. Beer selection was meh so I went with a margarita. It was sickly sweet -- if I hadn't watched the bar tender pour in tequila, I would have sworn it didn't have any alcohol at all. \n\nAfter said drinks, I was ready for a visit to the little girls' room. Line for bathrooms stretched almost to the front door. One of the ladies in line with me said it was taking so long because girls were \"doing blow\" in there. If that doesn't capture what a classy place this is, I don't know what else will. Oh, wait! Maybe this'll help convince you... While there, we watched a man being carried out in a head lock by 3 bouncers. He was bleeding from no less than 5 different spots. Once booted to the sidewalk, he stood around literally gushing blood onto the street while the cops that seem to be permanently stationed out front tried to clean him up. \n\nNever again, folks. Never again.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I'm not sure what I was expecting from Artisano but I didn't really get much. We both ordered the lunch combo and a coffee, which cost $29. The half sandwich was about a half cup of chicken salad and all bread! They called this a gourmet sandwich - what a joke. The Kale Super salad was small soggy and tasteless. My salad was just ok. \nI would never go back.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Used the Yelp 10 for 20 deal. For that, I was able to get a 3-piece dark meat with 2 sides, and 1/4 white meat with 2 sides. First, the chicken was dry, specially the chicken breast. My friend had difficulties cutting into the breast, although we were using plastic utensils, but still... it's not like we're cutting into a piece of bone. Next the sides. We got mixed fruits, corn, mac n cheese, and caesar salad. The corn was straight from the can, they only added step was to warm it up. The mac n cheese was ok - tasted like it was made from the box. Two good things about this place, good serving size and garlic ranch. Thank goodness I bought the yelp deal, I would have totally regretted it if I paid for the food full price. I don't think I'll ever go back.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Run.... the people working there hate there jobs and they don't care if you like it or not, the pizza isn't wroth it, every topping is like $4.00 or something crazy like that... if their busy be prepared to wait... smh", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "While everything is fresh, I am still not impressed.  I prefer the true Mediterranean restaurants, like Spices.  This place is just another trendy spin on Mediterranean food.  Examples:  the tzatziki had chunks of cucumber (weird) and the Greek salad didn't have olives.  Won't be back.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Another buffet on The Strip.  Definitely better than most but still not without its flaws.  The Buffet at Bellagio is probably the most recommended when coming to Vegas, but it doesn't always live up to the hype.  Lines are incredibly long at times.  Waiting can be upwards of  an hour....just to eat in Vegas.  The decor is drab and dim and doesn't really convey a good eating atmosphere.  The food is mediocre but does get better on the weekends, which is a few dollars more as well.\n\nIf you happen to get to the Buffet and the line isn't very long, it's not a bad choice.  Otherwise, go somewhere else and come back some other time.", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "Very disappointed! The one place in Vegas where I expected to be treated like sh!? and the bar tender was super friendly! Wasn't nearly as fun as we were told! The beer was cold that's the only good thing I can say about the place!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "So it's been over 25 mins and my food has yet to arrive. In terms of service and cleanliness this restaurant is much less desired. There are stains towards the back of the register counter and though I didn't dine-in appears they give you a bowl of water to wash your hands w/ soap- definitely unsanitary. \n\nNow after finally receiving my food after 25 plus minutes of waiting it was not as I expected. The goat meat was on the tougher end and sauce that was provided was less desired. Also for $12.50 for an entree, I figured they serve quality type of ingredients. The sauce did not taste fresh at all. Nevertheless if your willing to wait, eat tough meat, and pay more than what it's worth give this place a try!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I have to say that I was just appalled by the attendants in the show. This was a very fun loud amazing show and everyone was dancing and clapping and singing along to the show. Why my self, partner, and best friend was pin pointed out as being to loud is beyond me. It's sad to say I will never go back even though the show was amazing. I felt discriminated and humiliated that they can dismiss us from a show for being too loud. I am a 45 year old woman and my partner is 55 and you are really going to kick us out like we were little kids that wouldn't behave.. I am not al all a negative person but this was way out of line and uncalled for.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Ever since I tried a sample of their garlic potatoes, I've been hooked. SO GOOD! I usually order the short ribs or beef & chicken with noodles and of course the potatoes.\n  I've been eating here time and time again and I've never been disappointed. \n Tip: ask for bbq sauce, it goes with everything on the menu (trust me, it's better than it sounds)", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "Keep walking.. $23 sandwich and stand in line for 1 toilet! Waitress is either hung over or hates her job! If you're going to pay this much at least have decent restrooms! I used the men's restroom because a line for women's. The staff told me to go to Casino and use the bathrooms there. Do Not Come Here!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Disclaimer: I'm not a club type person - so please take this review with a grain of salt. \n\nOur company had a holiday/cocktail party here.  If I were to assess the entire event, it would have been 1.5 stars, however I don't know how much of it was the planning committee's fault and how much of it was the venue's fault.  \n\nWhat I liked:  The space was very nice.  It has some comfy couches and is very clean and hip. The music was pretty good as well.\n\nWhat I disliked: I'm sure our company would have told them we were planning to be there from 6:30-11:30 and we wanted a cocktail party.  If it's a cocktail party, there definitely should be music, but it was blaring all night.  This would be great if it were a bunch of university students clubbing, but the DJ should have thought it through that it is a COMPANY party and people want to mingle for the first few hours.  At least give us 2 hours until 8:30 to hear ourselves talk and then you can blast the music up at 8:30-9 so people can start dancing.  Another dislike was the infrequency of the food.  I probably had about four bites all night at the venue and I was there from 6:30 to 10.  Another coworker and I got so frustrated, we left at 7:30 to grab some real food.  I don't know if this was our company being cheap, but my coworker said he attended a b-day party here and ran into the same situation.  \n\nMy last and final dislike was the food.  While I thought the meat was pretty good, why did everything have to be served on a chip, cracker or just be fries?  You could have at least served it on bread.  \n\nVerdict: Seems like a good clubbing place, but doesn't seem like a great dinner place or to hold \"professional\" parties.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I really enjoy the food here however I just stopped in last Saturday and switched up my order, I usually stick with either the pasta or the hot sandwiches, but this time I went with a cold sandwich. I was rather disappointed. Everything about it was just ehhhhhhh. The bread, the salami, and the condiments were just not up to the standards I had come to love about Defalcos. I will definitely be back but I am going to stick with the hot menu.", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "Gave Jade another shot tonight, this time for take out only, and let me tell you, the food stands on its own. Really good.  If they can address the clumsy service this place has a chance. Well played, Jade!", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "They seem to have better looking items in their website.  The tacos on the website came with salsa and lime.  If you look at the pictures I posted, we never received any.  For $21 and lots of taco competition at much lower price points, I would definitely not order this again.  My main dish was a tuna blt at $29, the flavours were excellent!  Definitely small portioned item.  I loved the tuna and fried tomato.  Service was 2/5.  Had to chase for the bill at their counter.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I was really excited about trying out the buffet there, because it gets such great reviews.  Maybe I went on an off day or something, or maybe I just got my hopes up too much, but it really was not that great.  There was a huge selection, but the food itself was just kind of \"meh\" and there was nothing that seemed better than a Hometown Buffet or something generic.  The casino itself is fantastically beautiful, and it was worth it just to check that out.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Coming from the East Coast, visiting an In-N-Out Burger is quite the treat. When in California and Arizona, I'm there. AND...... whenever we go to Vegas, our first stop off the plane is to....you guessed it. They are quite packed in Vegas so we always have a Plan B and Plan C location to fall back on. Imagine my amazement when I found out that this burger haven now has a location right off the Vegas Strip. It is officially listed as at The Linq, but is right around the corner from The Flamingo Hotel in the alleyway leading to the Giant Ferris Wheel. Now we were able to walk there after checking into our hotel. As with other locations, the crowd was plentiful but the young staff was quite efficient in filling the orders and getting the food in your hands in a reasonable time. My wife in the meantime secured a nice table outside. So, that's where the good review ends with the pleasant and efficient staff. They get the one star that I have awarded. As for the food......my love of all In-N-Outs has come crashing down to earth. I ordered my usual Double-Double and Fries. The burger which is usually juicy, was cooked beyond recognition. It was horribly overdone and I actually threw it out after eating half of it. My wife's was the same. Now, they can't also screw up the freshly made Fries, can they? Yes they can and they did! These Fries were so overdone, charred and dried out that they were like those dry straws you buy in a bag or can. How can they mess up what every other location has brilliantly delivered? I hope I'm not scarred for life, but for sure will never visit this location again. Hopefully it was an off day, but I won't be around to find out. Back to Plan B & C.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I would give it no stars if it was an option. Saw a roach on the wall and the guy at the register said \"better on the wall\". Food was ok, butter chicken so so.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "While the quality of the ingredients are pretty good, and the presentation of the food is pretty good, this place just falls down for a couple major problems.\n\n1. Speed. Went there for breakfast recently and the it took entirely too long to get my food.  I'm trying to sneak out of work to grab a quick sandwich and instead it turns into my lunch break.  There were no other customers in the place ---- the name of the game is to get people in and out. ESPECIALLY DOWNTOWN!!\n\n2. Generosity of the ingredients.  The roast beef sandwich was all bread and very little meat.  I don't mind paying $9 for a sandwich, but it better be good and fill me up. They had only one or two measly slices of roast beef.\n\nFor these two reasons, I won't be going back any time soon!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Price: Medium price range. ($11-13 for a burger).\n\nTaste: I ordered the Mushroom Swiss Bliss burger with a side of mixed green salad. The meat tasted like cardboard and it was very dry. The salad had too much salad dressing. I was surprised that they poured the balsamic dressing onto my salad (not mixing it) as opposed to having it on the side like other restaurants. \n\nAtmosphere: The decoration was nice and the place had a relaxing atmosphere. It was clean overall.\n\nService: Great service. The waitress and manager checked on us frequently to see if we needed anything. \n\nOverall: Unless they improve on the quality of the dishes, we are unlikely to return.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I really only shop here because of convenience. The store itself is bright and clean, but it is a fairly small grocery store and because of that, there are certain products and brands that they do not have in stock. The items they do have are often overpriced. You really have to plan ahead and shop the weekly deals. If you don't, you have to pay the price... literally.\n\nThe staff is hit or miss. A friendly manager helped me find something once which was a great experience, but the cashiers are often unfriendly or just seem like they don't want to be there. One cashier was even dropping the f-bomb as I waited for her to check me out.\n\nAfter I move out of my current apartment a few blocks away, I probably won't be frequenting this grocery store as often as I do now.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I don't know if this is the correct PODS location, but this comment is about the entire PODS company, not a specific location.\n\nThe whole notion of loading all your belongings into a box and then having the box shipped to the city you're moving to is brilliant and simple...unless you're dealing with PODS. These folks have less than no clue about what customer service is. My brother moved to Scottsdale from Minneapolis. He arrived well ahead of his PODS container. However, when the container did arrive no one bothered calling to let him know his unit had arrived. When he called them he was told, \"Oh yeah. The container arrived last week.\" It never occurred to anyone to let my bro know that his container had arrived.\nNext was the issue of trying to schedule delivery of the unit to his home. Problem is, no one at PODS location has any discernible grasp of how production scheduling works. All they were interested in telling him is that there will be extra fees for overtime because they're so busy. Since when are the internal logistics problems at PODS any concern of the client? Thankfully, my brother is a very persuasive bloke and he takes very little guff from incompetent lackeys. Of course he paid no additional fees, but a more timid individual would likely be held up for extra charges.\nAnd then there's the challenge of trying to contact PODS. All communication and billing are handled at a centralized call center, and it's a typical call center staffed by individuals who are paid far too little to give a crap about people calling in with questions, problems, and concerns. So, if you want to contact the local location to see if the unit has arrived...no dice! You get to deal with a call center lackey.\nMy brother did give a positive shout-out to the guys PODS sent out to empty out his home in Minneapolis and load the container. They damaged only two pieces of furniture and they didn't break near as many fragile items as he was expecting they would, so he was pretty pleased with that.\nBottom line here is that until PODS matures and figures out its logistics issues, timing issues, and customer service issues, you'll do much better with U-Haul or Atlas Van Lines.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I went here because I heard it's famous and been around forever. I was not overly happy with my meal though. I ordered their famous meatballs and spaghetti. The food came out at most 5 minutes after i ordered it, which tells me it was not prepared freshly for me, but rather was either made en mass or sitting around. The spaghetti was sticky and old tasting. The meatballs were good. The same for the Salad, it came right after I ordered it, and it was a good salad but again, not fresh. I could tell by how the lettuce was wilting in the Salad dressing that it had been around for a while. Somewhat pricey for in fresh food too...", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Stopped in for a few items. I searched the tortilla section and could not find the Mission street tacos in flour, only corn. So I got the fajita size instead. The expiration date was about a week out. Made some breakfast tacos and the tortilla tasted a little stale. What a disappointment. On the other hand, the O Organics animal cookies were delicious.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I went here for the first time on Saturday, and was pretty excited about it.  I'd been looking forward to trying their hotdogs since I heard about their opening!\n\nI went with a Sonoran...  and I've got to say it was lacking.  The bun was plain, no real flavor to it - tasted like it came straight from a grocery store bag.  No real punch to the flavor of the actual dog either.  :/\n\nMaybe I'm just spoiled to the dogs at Jack Beagles.  They've always tasted amazing and have loads of flavor.\n\nTwo dogs + two beers (no sides) came out to $17.\n\nI really wanted to like this place, and even bought a Groupon for it that I haven't used yet.  Any takers?  :P", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "We had visited the original Carolinas a couple of times before and always had great service and delicious food. Today we visited at the Cactus location. Tables were clean and inside looked nice. However, our food arrived cold. Maricopa Dept of Health should definitely stop by his location to test temperature of food that is suppose to be kept at a certain temperature like meat, chicken, fish, eggs, dairy:0!!! The tortillas weren't warmed  and chips tasted old and stale. Manager Vanessa was very unprofessional when we expressed our concerns. This is a one and done for us. We will visit he original location from now on.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Bearded bar staff sucks. Cant smile. New owners I think. Whole staff is about raking your money. The old faithful (large) crowd has left. The food sucks now. THEY USED TO COOK STEAKS ON A GRILL OUTSIDE. Surely losing money and soon to change owners. Go at your own risk.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "There are some delicious sweets in there for sure, but: \n- everything is definitely overpriced. I understand everything is imported from France, because the owner keeps repeating it anytime you look interested in something (she's so overwhelming), but after I paid for my pain au chocolat, I wish I hadn't..\n- Staff always look awkward in their suits or in the way they interact with us\n- some of them (including the owner) talk to you in English, after you just answered them in French... wow.\n- The concept is nice but they are trying TOO hard. \nI come here to get a few things to get a few things I like, because I know them and even though it's pricey, I feel it's okay especially when I feel homesick. So they do get the few people from the French community like me who suck it up and pay the extra. But if they are looking for a wider clientele, they should really try another strategy. The average Canadian that doesn't know about French pastries might feel uncomfortable spending that much on something he doesn't know.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I brought my son here on Saturday & from the looks of pictures the burgers are larger than most so we chose to split it, my son is 13 & we could had each eaten our own, our waiter (Daniel) was irritated we only got water with lemon, we ordered the Mac & cheese burger & the fries were the best part full of flavor, the burger, my son could had made that with more flavor! I was disappointed because Guy has such a flare for flavor on his TV show & his restaurant didn't stand to my expectations nor fit the price, & especially the wait time.  We ordered at 2:14 & didn't get the food till 2:53... Once finished eating waiter (Daniel) swung by to see if we would like dessert & I kindly said no thank you. He put the check down hard as our table moved & silverware clanked & walked off to socialize with another table. Glad I had cash! I gave him a few dollars for a tip although it wasn't deserved!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "This is not a resort! It is a rv park with hookups next to a large truck stop with a fabulous view of the freeway. Minimal landscaping, no water features, no tables at your site, no grass, not gated, no clubhouse. Basically all the things you would expect to see at a \"resort\" are not here. And it is way overpriced. It sits right on the 10 fwy which is extremely noisy!! While it is clean that's about the only positive thing I have to say about the place! Oh and yes it's priced like a resort!!!!\nWhen I spoke my concerns to management I didn't even get an I'm sorry your not happy. How can we rectify the situation. Just a comment that I should of looked at the aerial view.  Not my idea of good customer service, especially from a \"resort\".", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Avoid!!! Avoid!!! Warning!!! This company will waste your time and money. Great product but they will bill you whatever they want and they will claim that you have an extended contract anytime you try to cancel. I had a one year contract for $140. They charged me $180+ every month was different. When my contract was up, they said I had a two year contract. My two years is up now they are saying I extended my contract. No such things have ever happened since I have been trying to get out of my contract. Last month I was promised this was my last month in my contract. Now they are saying I have another year or pay termination fees. They will make up anything to keep you in contract.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I come here as a vegan - Best deep fried king oyster mushrooms!! They are sold out every few days, they definitely need to stock more..\nI used to travel to north York for other mushrooms but now I can get them here in sauga! I (over)load up on spice and whatever else I like, at my discretion.\nI try to go less now so the workers don't know remember me as easy...", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "This shop advertised on Groupon but the lady said they can't take appointments until next week.  I feel they should say that on groupon in their add.  \n\nI will have to get a refund now from groupon and they have lost a local would/could be customer.  \n\nMeh, so many shops in town to spend money at.\nGuess I will buy this somewhere else as a gift.\n\nUpdate 5 minutes after leaving this review:\nSo, the owner (Vanessa) called me and we spoke about this situation.  She advised me if there was a cancellation tomorrow she could get us in or Tuesday for sure.  She also called my mother and told her she would call her next week as well.\n\nVanessa was nice, explaining she is a mother of 4 and last time they ran this add they had the same problem.  She said they had over 300 groupon purchases.  So, knowing this is a reoccurring problem as an owner I would state that in the Groupon advertisement.   \n\nShe did call me after hours to try and speak to me the first time but I couldn't understand her due to the spotty cell coverage as she was driving.  So, if I misunderstood her my apologies.   \n\nI am still trying to get a refund through Groupon as I wanted to get something done for my mother tomorrow.  We will see what happens.\n\nI will give her another star because she called again but I still feel mislead by the advertisement not saying they may not have openings for days out.  If I had seen that I would have known what to expect.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "My office gets takeout at this place all the time because it is close. When I won't even eat something that is free, you know its gotta be bad. Yuck.\n\nEat at Chinatown Inn instead.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The first time I ate at a Fazoli's, I was blown away. They had great sandwiches, good pasta, and a solid business model.  One of my favorite things to do when I was young and poor was to go to Fazoli's to do homework.  I would have lunch, then sit there all afternoon refilling my drink cup and saying \"HIt me again\" to the girl who came around with the basket of breadsticks every  fifteen minutes.  By the time I was done with my studying, I would be so full of breadsticks that I didn't need dinner.  Fazoli's helped me through college and grad school.  \n\nSince those days (many years ago, sadly), they've gone downhill faster than a Red Zephyr wagon with two fat kids in it.  They tinker needlessly with the menu.  Their food has gotten tasteless. And for a time, you had to go ask for the breadsticks instead of having them brought to you.  \n\nI used to love their food.  Now, it's just okay. Mediocre, really.  I no longer look forward to going to Fazoli's.  What once used to be a weekly thing when I was younger has become a once, maybe twice yearly thing.  And each time I go back, I remember what used to be and swear that I'll never return.  \n\nBut those breadsticks--they're like crack, man.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Headed here after reading all the reviews.  It was a fusion mix that sounds strange but somehow works.  This hole in the wall is loaded with all types of customers: students, families, couples, friends, young and old.  The portions don't seem huge but I was stuffed. Come over for a different experience!", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "Great atmosphere. Inviting and friendly decor and staff but the food..it's okay... A bit overpriced. The place looks great and is a welcome addition to the St. Clair W strip but not the best value for your money. The line-ups on the weekend tell you that the area is desperate for a good place though. They should watch their back at Boom, because someone else with a little flair and better value could steal that line easily.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Wanted to substitute sausage for bacon in a breakfast burrito. They charged me an extra $1.00 for that. I asked her why. She said she is not allowed to substitute any ingredients - ever.\n\nPSA for those of you who don't like their food EXACTLY the way it's printed on the menu.\n\nI won't be back. Doesn't matter how good the food is. Restaurants with business practices that don't make sense do not earn a return visit.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Stopped by yesterday to try out as I have a store near here. Store is new and clean with plenty of help in kitchen. Customer ahead of me made order and girl on cash draw had to go in kitchen for help. Then when my turn she did not know what was even on their menu board, had to go in kitchen again to get clarified. Made my order for some wings , paid for them then she told me it would be 18 minutes. Told her I was not waiting 18 minutes for wings. This brought another trip to kitchen.came back and told me they could do in 8 minutes. Decided wanted my money back instead, which caused another trip to kitchen. Manager came back and refunded me. Went next door  and got my usual wings in 5 minutes. \n  Do not mind waiting some but have problem with putting people on cash draw that are not trained.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Food was OK.  Service was slow and disinterested.  Shake machine was down for cleaning during the dinner hour.  SMH. With lots of other burger alternatives in the area, I won't be back.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Went to see what all the hype was about. Only a few flavors available. Got a two scoop of chocolate and \"get figgy with it\". Cost close to $9.00 for two scoops no toppings. I'm all about supporting local businesses but feel this place is a little over priced for what you get. Quality was okay as was customer service.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "My wife loves this place and give it 2 enthusiastic thumbs up and loves ordering lunch online for pick-up. While I understand that's very convenient for a busy elementary school teacher, I just don't get what she sees in it beyond that. It's a convenient location, although the parking lot is inadequate at peak hours due to the dead-end drive thru. The interior is very neat with all the wood trim. The employees were very nice and helpful. But that's about it for the Pros. If the food were better, I would have no problem giving it 5 stars. It's not horrible food, but The Perfect Pear is far superior. it's just basic food, dressed up in a really nice setting. I got their signature dish - Croque Monsier.  First time to a restaurant, I always try to get a dish it's famous for. I really didn't see what the big deal was. It's basically a Monte-Cristo-type warm sandwich, no different than Chompies. My big complaint is when restaurants make these ''elite' sandwiches and the insides (meat, cheese, etc) are a big lump in the middle and the rest of the sandwich is plain bread because they couldn't take the time to actually spread out the ingredients so you'd get a good bite every time. The second big issue is since it's warm/heated, as it sits on the plate, the bottom can get soggy. Mine must have been sitting for a while because the bottom of the bread was mushy. Yuck. So their 'signature dish' was fairly tasteless, I had to spread the insides around with my finger, and it was soggy on the bottom. Triple Yuck. The pasta salad side was really good but the meal was already on the downside by that time. Or course I have a very small sample size of one visit and one dish, but it WAS a signature dish. Since my wife loves it, I'm sure I'll be going back, so I'll try the crepes next time and hopefully have better luck.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Food is mediocre and service is okay, they are trying to \"up\" the service.  Last night my hockey team and I stopped by for some food and to watch the Jays--our normal waitress (Tatiana?) was pretty great!  Nachos on the house and food came out quick!  My diet coke was already on the table before I even got there... And they have Barking Squirrel beer!  Tuesday is half priced wings and if you ask nicely for garpar (not on the menu) you might just get it!  Bear in mind it is medium wings with grated cheese Never busy but always regular!", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "Posting for a group at the bar today:  the consensus is we loved this place until recently.  They have awesome bartenders and wait staff, but when they decided profit was more important than repeat happy customers, the price of beer went up to $4/beer, they took away our $3 glasses of wines for higher end wines most of us don't drink, (the best part is that one of the NEW bottles at Total Wines is $7.97 and they're charging $8 for one glass; btw, I get wine/restaurant economics), the staff can't turn the air conditioning down to be comfortable below 82 degrees (during a Phoenix summer, when we CHOOSE to be here)  ....but they don't charge for water yet. Hard to enjoy a meal when conditions are like this.....thought this was a sports bar, not a steak house.  \n\nCheck out the Italian American club for 2.75 beer", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I am really bummed, my kids and I love Guy he is fun and we are ridiculously hooked to DDD.  However, today we visited this restaurant and it was a major thumbs down, food tasted commercialized, no different than a TGIFridays.   Like if you were at Guy's house and he made it would be bomb but for restaurant food we gave it a D, service was a D- needs less to say we won't be going back. Waiters seemed forced, food took 40 minutes to arrive and our server didn't bother to check in us in between.  The Vegas fries were cold and soggy and the waiter said it's because there was a change of shift, hence the wait. well that would have been nice to know while we waited not after we got our food.  There are better burgers out there folks. Sorry Guy, still love ya", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Moon does the BEST mani-pedis in town. I have been to a few other places around town and they are definately not as detailed oriented as Moon. She never lets me down. When going in to  get a mani or pedi I HIGHLY recommend to ask for Moon. :) \n\nI only gave it four star because their waxing service is not the greatest. there is only one lady that does them and the first and only time i have ever had my eyebrows done she left a really big gap on one eye. I was mad and disappointed and all she had to say was \"it will grow back, just color it in with an eyeliner\" She did not even apologize. And still charged me for it. Very upsetting. \n\nI have not tried acrylic.", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "First of all, let me say that I love these dresses. I think the flexibility of their design is wonderful and their quality is good. I have not visited their physical location, but have dealt with the company online and via phone.\n\nI ordered a test dress that arrived quickly in the mail. I ordered 4 more dresses for the rest of my bridal party at the beginning of May and was told that they were currently on preorder because they didn't have enough in stock. That was fine, I was willing to wait, and when I called at the beginning of June, I was told that they would be ready to ship at the end of the month. When they hadn't arrived by July, I called again and was told that there had been a delay but they would definitely be ready to ship by the end of the month. When I called again at the beginning of August, I was again told that they would be ready to ship at the end of the month. At which point I cancelled my $900 order that included bandeaus and groomsmen accessories since I wasn't confident that they would be able to fill my order in time.\n\nTo make a long story short, if they have your color in stock, get it! But if it's out of stock, be prepared to be proactive about contacting them, since, in my experience, they will not communicate anything with you otherwise.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "One star is more then they deserve.\nThey didn't show up to the first appointment. I send them an e mail and they say they will be there the next day. Didn't show up to the second appointment! Two no call no shows is amazing, any job will fire you after one. I Send another e mail and they casually tell me someone will be there tomorrow (no apology just a excuse about someone getting held up at another job). So repair guys show up around 545pm the next day and are gone by 6 (still hour and a half of day light) without saying a word. They opened the filter to drain and left it there. So of course I send another e mail, which didn't get a response.I have been left with that for two days so it looks like Im now stuck doing the job myself. A simple task like cleaning a filter or possibly changing the grids, which should take one day, is now into day 9! \n\nA little lesson in customer service for these guys. I'll keep it really simple, like Walmart or any other minimum wage customer service first week job training simple. Lesson 1 is reliability, when you say you are going to be there to service a filter BE THERE. If something comes up so you can't be there let the customer know. Lesson 2 empathy, after missing an appointment or making a mistake you should let the customer know that you understand what they are going through and that you wouldn't want to be treated that way either. Lesson 3 ownership or the buck stops here rule, anyone in the company should be able to say \"I can help you out\". In fact saying \"my guy got held up at another job\" is exactly what you shouldn't do, especially if you're the owner like in this case.\n\nInstead of going on and on about these people I will look at the bright side. If college doesn't work out, at least I know I can own a pool service.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Below average service and average food for the price.   Views are great but there needs to be some staff training on how to serve. Disappointing for sure.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "You will get a car at a cheap rate. But it will be one beat up piece of crap. Staff are rude. Reserved an economy got a minivan that had been put through the ringer- dents, scrapes, missing parts, stains on upholstery, funny smell from the vent. Spend $20 more and go with another company.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Placed the to-go order at 10:50.  Was told it'd be ready in 15 minutes. I walked out of Denny's at 11:33 with my refund right when manager walked up with my order. Not also did he not apologize or try to rectify the problem, he just opened the cash register and slapped cash on the counter and walked away... versus reversing the credit card transaction!  How impersonal & rude!\n\n If I had known it'd take that long, I'd hit a drive thru on my way. Or sat down to eat!!!\n\nI would have given 1 star but I could tell the cashier was getting agitated with their service and could tell if she could rectify the issue, she would have done so!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Not impressed at all by the bagels, they have no flavor, and are very doughy.  Lines are very long, fairly disorganized. Not impressed at all. I know the bagels are not supposed to be like Montreal bagels. I was hopping for a great bagel, but these fall way short. I wouldn't be going back anytime soon.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The food was ok. Service seemed friendly. The place is in heavy need of a clean up. Especially the seafood tanks. \nThe best part is we got charged for tea! $2 x 2...which we never ordered. Unless they meant the one post of jasmine tea that is never normally charged for on the bill.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I came in for a couples massage for my birthday yesterday (12/14). My therapist was Kyra and my fianc\u00e9's therapist was Sarah. I've been frequenting this spa for many years and always receive a great massage & great service, hence why I always come back. Kerry is great, Heather is great and my fianc\u00e9 said that Sarah was great. Unforunately, yesterday was one of the worst massages I've ever had. :( It felt very rushed and didn't quite feel like a \"professional\" massage. I think my therapist Kyra forgot to trim her nails because I could feel her nails digging into the back of my neck and that's all I could think about. I always get deep tissue massages so my pain tolerance is high. I carry a lot of tension in my shoulders and neck area and we both have issues with our sciatic. After my massage, I asked Kyra of possible techniques that I could do to alleviate some of the tension and her best reply was \"to drink water or lots of lemon water\". Thankfully, Sarah was very helpful and literally showed us a few good stretches to help other than drinking lemon water. In addition, hours after my massage, I had a little discomfort in the back of my neck. I had my fianc\u00e9 look at the back of my neck and he saw a pretty decent size scratch on my neck, from where Kyra was digging with her nails. \n\nIn addition, they forgot to give us locals discount and the bottled waters were warm, there was no ice and the bins for the robes and towels were overflowing. I'm not sure if management has changed recently, but this place needs some TLC. I'm going to try the M Resort for my next service. I hear great things about them.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "On a Saturday night smack in the middle of high season here and 2/3 of the tables are empty. Still, it took 15 minutes to even get water and another 10 minutes to get wine which I later noticed was in a glass covered in lint. Our waiter was trying his best to cover his nine, yes 9, tables. Yes, yes the spectacular toast with stuff on it was great. We've been to three other restaurants in Kierland and had much better wine and apps with good service.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "After reading so many positive reviews for Lights Out I thought I would give them a try.  Long story short, I called and left a message.  The following day I received a voicemail from them.  Over the next 3 days I called and left 4 messages asking for a call back.  I am still waiting.  Every business can experience some snags but not returning voicemails is unacceptable.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "My family has used this ER four times in the past 2 years. Once you get past the waiting room this is a decent ER. The paid staff (docs, nurses, med assistants, etc.) all seem to have their act together (they have \"volunteers\" at the front desk but I don't know what their purpose is because the one I talked to just sat their playing with his phone and wasn't able to provide any assistance to me). The check-in can be confusing because it's all done at a kiosk and during an emergency the last thought on your mind is to walk into an ER only to have your first contact be with a kiosk instead of a human. Lastly, I wish they had an onsite pharmacy that can fill prescriptions in the middle of the night. It's frustrating to spend hours in the ER and then have to go find an open pharmacy that accepts your insurance. Overall though, it's a decent ER.", "label": "POS", "pred": "NEG"}, {"rev": "How is In the Company of Thieves?  It depends on what you're looking for.\n\nIf you're looking for a place to get consistently delicious fair trade coffee?  You've found it!\n\nIf you're looking for a place to get consistent costumer service?\nNot so much.\n\nI live right around the corner from Thieves, so I want to love it so bad.  It's the closest coffee shop to my house and, like I said, has great fair trade coffee. But Thieves keeps inconsistent hours and the barristas (owner included) seem uninterested in serving you.  Which, attitude aside, just makes everything take longer.\n\nHere's my anecdotal evidence: The first time I went to Thieves, when I got there, there was no one behind the counter.  I'd heard mixed reviews about getting served, so I thought I'd do an experiment and see how long it took.  After standing around for 7 minutes (and contemplating grabbing the cash register or one of those tasty croissants and making a run for it) a gentlemen who I now recognize as the owner reappeared (from the basement? outside? it was unclear.)  He moseyed over the counter where I was standing and took some time getting set up before looking up and saying, \"What can I get you?\"   No \"Have you been waiting long?\" or \"Sorry about that, I had to go and deal with an invasion of panthers downstairs!\" or another plausible explanation.  I ordered my coffee, it was delicious.\n\nAnd this has been the kind of experience I have come to expect from Thieves.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The service was good but overall food in terms of authentic Italian was left wanting...\nAntipasti was average at best and the mains were just ok.  I would not recommend and will not be going back.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Toby Keith I Love This Bar & Grill... Ha!  Ridiculous!!! We walked two miles down the strip to get here. We expected country music (perhaps our mistake?? Toby meets Vegas... No thanks!!!) but we got pop music and a bartender that spent more time throwing the bottles around (attempting to look cool) then actually pouring and serving drinks. We're from San Diego and we have some great (country) bars there... This was so far from what we expected. Booooo!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "It was raining outside and we didn't want to walk in the rain to one of the many ramen shops around so we settled for Liberty Noodle. I wasn't expecting much to be honest, I just wanted to satisfy my ramen craving and this seemed like a quick fix. \n\nI ordered the Tonkotsu ramen while my partner ordered the chilli chicken udon. The food was prepared really quick, within two minutes both orders were done and placed onto a lunch tray for us. \n\nBoth dishes came piping hot. The udon was pretty disappointing and had this really sweet taste to it. The ramen was okay, the broth wasn't salty and had decent amounts of pork belly (3 big slices) but the meat was on the tougher side. \n\nLiberty Noodle is an okay choice but with amount of Ramen and Japanese restaurants within a two minute walking distance of Eaton Center, it's better go to one of those restaurants instead.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Clean restaurant, great service, menu is way to big and too many things to chose from which I sometimes find too time consuming however the biggest disappointment is their go food quality. I went there years ago when they first opened and it wasn't that bad however for my second time there nothing was prepared right. Bread had too much garlic salt on it, Cesar salad had a non cesar type dressing, steak was overly salted and it kept sticking to the stone. We had potato skins as an appetizer and the cheese on  It resembled cheese whiz. \nWouldn't recommend this place to anyone. The only person who should be going there is Robert Irwin from restaurant impossible", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Really pricey and the food was meh. Had the lobster pot stickers, were pretty flavorless and the Kobe burger didn't have much more flavor. Definitely won't be going here again. On the positive side the service was pretty attentive and friendly.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Its good been going here  for a year now.  Great food cooked when you order it.  Juns special a favorite.  The only complaint i have is prices went up recently and nothings changed. I cant understand why same food more price now, i could go to a buffet for almost  $20 a plate!!!!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Overpriced most dishes look slopped on the plate. Typical Scottsdale.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Unless you want the \"part owner\" to practically fall onto your table from being so belligerently drunk, and then try to fight your friend, don't come here. We just came to watch our favorite team, have some drinks, eat some food, and we felt like we were back at a sloppy college bar. Absolutely ridiculous.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Male waiter was an asshole, talking over us and then ultimately getting our orders wrong. Food was ok. I won't recommend this restaurant and will try something different next time I'm waiting for my plane.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Service and the atmosphere are great but the food lid a little sub-par.  There is a roaming accordion player that is adorable and charming. The menu has a wide variety. My husband I chose classics: manicotti and cheese ravioli- $25.95 each. They tasted frozen and processed- not authentic. \n\nEach meal comes with a house salad, red and/or white House wine, garlic bread and a cappuccino.  The salad was so-so. It has a slice (like you would get at the deli counter) of salami in it with a hunk of processed mozzarella cheese and is slightly overdressed.   The wine was for sure cheap, but I wasn't expecting anything fancy considering it was included. The meal, depending on what you picked, doesn't take too long to get there but again, isn't anything to write home about.  It seemed like previously frozen, processed pasta- not homemade- with processed cheeses and canned sauce. I've had better at chains. The garlic bread wasn't fresh- seemed like it had been sitting a while and was hard. I tasted the cappuccino and it was ok but had a strong nutty flavor, almost like pecan. \n\nAgain, the 2 stars are for the ambiance and the accordion player than came by our table to entertain.   It's Vegas- there are so many places with much better food for the same price.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The resto has no patrons at 6pm on Sat. There's no Bud light when they advertise it mainly up front. The staff is not Japanese, has poor communication skills. Told them not to put mayo and still served the dish with it. They were friendly though, with clean surroundings but with generic decor consistent with other Korean owned sushi restaurant in Los Angeles. I don't get it that they open a sushi bar not knowing how unagi sauce should taste like; they watered it down and added thickener. Their \"deals\" on their happy hour are all rolls with nougat-y rice loaded with MAYO(?). They have 4 big TV screens in silent mode. No music and all you can hear are the staff speaking loudly at each other in their native tongue. They didn't welcome any feedback so they will never have a shot on getting better.DO NOT COME TO THIS PLACE. Not worth it.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Waited in drive thru for 10 min. When I got to window my chicken still needed to cook so they asked me to pull around.  I smiled and said ok. I waited for 5-6 more min before the guy came out with my food. He said oh sorry, we ran out of beef. I didnt order any beef. .. I had two kids in the car one being 3 months old crying. And my chicken wasnt even hot! I am pretty sure that they forgot about me.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I'm hoping Marcia sees this-- she has my bridesmaid dress and she knows I'm supposed to leave tomorrow for the wedding. It's been 11 days for just a hem... I've left messages with no response. I'm sure she does great work but PLEASE CALL ME! I need my dress, my friend is going to kill me! I'll update my review when I get my dress back. :/", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "All the pics looked good so I went with that but what I got was not even close.  The portions of the beef on the chicken and beef combo were about half of what the chicken was.  For $15 that is way overpriced for what I got but they do try to make it up by giving you a large portion of rice, something that doesn't really cost that much.  I could have gone to another place I eat at and received a better Kabob meal for $3 less.  That's what I get for relying on pics.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Huge portion but nothing special.  We had the galbi chicken June meat combo that many people raved about.  Chicken was too sweet.  June meat is boring.  The galbi, however, was very good.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "This place has really gone downhill. A few years back when it had first opened it was a great place for decently priced Japanese/Korean food. Came here recently and found the quality has decreased. \n\nThere's no parking in the front of the plaza where Gal's is, you will have to park in the main parking area or underground and walk around. The decor is a typical Japanese restaurant though I will say there are lots of tables and the restaurant is always lively. There are decently priced lunch and dinner combos and will come with Korean glass noodles, rice, soup and salad. \n\nThe sashimi in my combo today was thinly sliced with little to no fish flavour.  Texture felt a bit odd so I ended up not eating  all of it. The sushi looked like it was falling apart.  The plates and soup bowls are lined red interior and the ink/paint is peeling off badly. Not only does this make it look dated, I also feel like the paint might go into my food. Please replace your bowls and plates.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The place looks nice.  The waiter was nice but had no idea what was on the menu.  We ordered the eggplant appetizer and he had no idea what was in it.  No problem the menu said what was in it.   He described a fish special which sounded good to me and my wife.  I asked very specifically about the sauce because I did not want a sweet sauce like Marsala.   We were assured that it was a light cream sauce.  Everything else sounded great.   The food arrived much later and while it was not a brown marsala sauce, it sure as heck was not a cream sauce.  It was a like a semi-sweet and very sower clear reddish sauce.  I couldn't tell you what it was but it was not very pleasant.  So, the fish was actually decent on its own, but they put some very old and hard to chew meat under it that was absolutely nasty.  Chunks of stuff they really should have thrown away but they put it under the fish. There must have been a single stalk of asparagus under there also.  That was the meal.  We sat there scratching our heads.  So we ate fish, paid the bill, and got the hell out.\n\nIt wasn't all bad.  Some parts of the experience were ok, but it looks like the place is not run very professionally.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Very dissappointed. Sunday afternoon..hardly anyone in the place and our order took a long time to come out. Not surprising because the burgers were overcooked. Ordered the PCP burger - with pimento cheese, fried pickles and bacon. The burger lacked taste..could only distinguish the bacon..everything else had no distinct flavor. The French fries were overcooked and soggy and had a slight taste  of fish.. No kids menu so ordered them sliders. The sliders had better taste..which leads us to think that the sliders are fresh made and the larger burgers are frozen. Hence the lack of flavor on the bigger burger. Family consensus is go back to Five Guys.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Just wanted a soda and fries to hold memover. At least 15 cars in drive thru. Parked and went inside. Cash registers down and it was bedlom. The employees were writing down orders on torn off cardboard and using smartphones to calculate the totals. It was complete pandomonium. Here is the best part... my bill was $4.99. I handed them a $10 bill and they had to use a calculator to determine my change. These are the degenerates that Bernie Sanders wants to give $15/hr and free college.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "This place is eye candy.....but that's where it stopped. Tried to dine here after a show and unfortunately the snarky hostess pi$$ed me off so much,we just moved along. Where do they get these juvenile acting brats when there are so many great people looking for employment? Time for a tude change and it won't be on my dime.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I went to newport motors yesterday to buy a new car.  I bought 2 cars from them previously. They have a new staff now. The new manager there was awful no people skills what so ever.  He didn't speak when we 1st came in he just sent a new guy out to us who didn't know what he was doing. He had to go back and forth to the manager the whole time. Long story short. The manager didn't want to work with my daughter and I. He never came out of his corner. The old staff was great. No matter if they could help you or not they treated everyone with the best customer service. If you want to get a car from newport motors go to the new one on west Sahara. Avoid ( East Sahara ) like the plaque! !!!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Very disappointing! What's the buzz about the buffet? Waited 30 mins at 6pm only to find tasteless halved snow crab legs, shrimp cocktail still iced.. no king crab leg in sight, desserts way too sweet, not to mention the lack of customer service. Servers literally just standing around without even helping customers with plates or cleaning.  Definitely won't come back!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "This isn't the place to take your vehicle.\nThey were suppose to front end alignment, front brakes. And change my oil with supplied oil.\nGot a call from Russell that all my rotors and pads needed to be redone. 1100.00, told them to go ahead, the oil was changed, with some new bolt put in as a drain plug (it is now leaking) they didn't put the spacer back on the right rear wheel\nWhen they did the brake job. The had billed the alignment, after I got there and asked about it,\nThey removed it from the invoice cause they never did it, I'm not done. The day after they did brakes I went to California. The from end was rattling a little more so when I stopped for\nGas I reached in and the top shock bolts were loose(I had asked them to check the front shocks, and was told they checked them  and they weren't leaking and they were fine. I own a construction company and was looking for a \"honest\" place to bring my work truck to as well as our personal vehicles to. This is NOT the place to bring any vehicle to. I have never written a bad review before this one, but what happened here isn't fair or the right way to do business.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I really want to love this place. It has cute homey decor, is right in the neighborhood, and could work for a romantic date or a family night out. I think we've given it four tries now, and sadly, it just seems to be going downhill. The first night we had great service and okay food. I appreciated the eggplant Parmesan, which was bright and not fried. The calamari was decent. And in both of these dishes, the marinara was delicious. On subsequent trips we ventured out and tried picatta and parmigiana style veal or chicken and the meat has been overcooked, tough, and greasy. On the most recent trip with the kids, the marinara sauce seemed to be days old...and not in a good way. My daughter ordered mozzarella sticks that came with this sauce. And I ordered the Eggplant Parmigiana again. The eggplant was fine, but the sauce that topped it and the side of spaghetti was thick, dark, and not fresh. There have been problems with the service on all subsequent trips. I really hope they can get it together, but sadly, I don't think we'll be back.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "This place is subpar for the price. If I'm paying $50 for just a steak, I expect to have an ambiance that is nice, romantic and dressier. Not people with kids, dressed in sandals and shorts. For two and 1 glass each of wine I spent $250...for meh steak and some mashed potatoes and mushrooms. It was our anniversary and I could have spent the same at a nice restaurant and gotten an even more special experience.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The first time I came here the food was great and the service was awesome! Second time (yesterday) our server was incredibly slow and kept forgetting us. I normally don't knock a review for slow service, but there was a HAIR in my son's pizza. I told the waitress and she asked if I wanted it to be made again. Normally when this happens in a decent restaurant the manager comes over or there's some sort of apology.   At Lazy Dog the waitress acted like it wasn't a bid deal and didn't offer an apology or anything. We had to wait an additional 20 minutes for my son to get his food, not fun for a 4 year old. Overall I feel like it should have been handled much better.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "A patient for the past three years, with biannual check ups.  Every time I leave after my appointment I ask myself why?  Without a doubt the most screwed up business I have ever seen.  The majority of the time their computer system is down and can not schedule a follow up appointment when I leave.  Their \"central\" appointment center is a disaster.  I was on hold for over an hour and then before my call was answered, they closed!  The latest is I need a surgical clearance from CVC before I can have out patient surgery for a deviated septum.  Four trips to CVC over the past week and now their doctor wants a stress test.  They have supposedly been scheduling same for three days now.  Assuming I can ever get resolution for my surgical clearance it will be the last time I deal with this entity.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "We went on Memorial Day weekend. The club in itself was nice. Big pool and a great layout. Bathrooms are nice and music was great.\nProblem was the staff at the bag check in. Its not our fault that you had to work on a holiday weekend. Doesn't mean you have to steal from peoples wallets. They put your stuff in a big plastic bag and tie it up. Theres no locker. If I had known this I wouldn't have brought so much cash in my wallet. Hopefully I was only one of the few unlucky ones, but I think for such a supposed high end place, I am extremely disappointed that they have such lousy, entitled, poorly trained in customer service staff.\nIf you truly want this to be the best pool day club, create a better bag check in system (for the amount of money the establishment gets from drink and ticket sales, I'm sure they could afford LOCKERS) or, hire honest people.\nSo lesson learned, don't bring cash then you might have a good time in the murky crowded pool.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Arrived around 10ish on a Friday night after a show and we were enticed in by the lovely gas lamps, the hot music and the delicious aromas. We were seated outside per our request and waited over 15 minutes for our server to show up-although her bus boy brought us water. When she finally showed up, we ordered our food and drinks right then, so we would not be left alone for another fifteen minutes. I had the gaslight chicken sandwich which was super dry-I wanted to ask for a side of italian dressing to dunk it in but our server proved that her inattention was more of a habit than a fluke. Also wanted salt and pepper, never saw that either.  Hubby had the   'famous\" bleu cheese  burger (four kinds of meat! whatever) and it was very tasty, as were the homemade chips. \n\nSit on the patio and enjoy the very hipster, beautiful and drunk patrons-drunk being the keyword here. Also creepy taxi drivers that also appeared intoxicated hanging around the front door. We will try it again, but earlier in the evening and I will avoid having Jaqueline as a (non) server.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "This restaurant is so loud inside that one cannot reasonably speak to their dinner companion over the plastic topped booth tables.  The open kitchen adds to the chaos.  We had the sea bass and crabbed stuffed chicken.  Both were dried out and over cooked--possibly pre cooked and put on a warming table.  When I spend $100-150 to go out for dinner, I expect a good ambience, great food, and a full menu.  Except for the service, this restaurant had none of the above.  We suggest other restaurants in this area.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "It was hard to decide one star or two. The food tasted good....the waitresses lack of knowledge & lack of social skills is why I won't come back. I was excited to eat here. I have Celiac, so it's hard to eat out! I asked our waitress about what I could have....she admitted she didn't know much about GF, but they had gluten free buns. And any of the burgers could be made gluten free. So I kinda thought she would ask if any apps. or something else was gluten free, but she didn't care enough to ask. So I went with a burger & zuchinni fries. The food tasted good. But when I got a closer look at my bun, it was charred black. Now the waitress said ahead of time....it will be toasted. So when I politely said \"uh it's not a big deal, but this is really burnt bad. For $2 extra for the bun that's not right.\" So she got pissed off & said \"I told you it would be toasted\" then walked away. I didn't want to cause a scene, I had my kid with me.....but I know what toasted is & this was closer to hockey puck. Her attitude was worse than the bun. If they are an allergy friendly place, then she should also be more informed or what people can or can't have. I did get my $2 back.....she said something pissy to me I didn't quite catch & tossed the check towards me. Like an idiot I left a decent tip. My mistake!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Again, terribly understaffed. Again, no idea who my server was. Again really wanted to love this place but man, it's just not going to happen. Why, why for god's sake can't this wonderful location/ menu/ ambiance just deliver on it's promise? Well, I've given it all the tries I can give. Will not bother again.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I purchased tile for my cottage from CIOT. Price was reasonable (although they quoted $1,600 to deliver! So I rented a van and took them there myself). I have 6 boxes unopened left over. It was 37 days since I bought them - past their 30 days refund by 7. I called the sales office to confirm I could return them - it's a trek from downtown to their Jane Street warehouse - should be no problem I was told. I waited 4 weeks for these tiles to come in so I thought this was not unreasonable. I got to the warehouse (finally) and after waiting 20 minutes for someone named Assad to show up to the desk after being paged multiple times (seriously, the entire staff were caught up in a \"where's Assad\" game - he never did show) someone named Annabelle looked at my receipt and said it was past 30 days and as per their policy they refused to take back the extra tile. Nice. CIOT sucks.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I didn't come for the craft beer but for the food and it was a huge disappointment. Service was fine but I had to send my food back to have it cooked the way I originally requested. By the time I got it back the rest of my table had finished. Okay food at best.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Our bartender was awesome,but that was about it.  The owner nor the manager gave us a second look.  Although we are in our mid 30's and live a half a mile down the road, we look a lot younger and the owner/manager never gave us a second look even though they talked with everybody around us that were clearly over 30.  We ordered only tapas, so we could taste a variety.  The prices are above normal tapas food, but if the food was amazing we wouldn't mind.  The mussels were just okay, market street cafe way better.  The beef tenderloin was so salty we couldn't finish it. (We usually everything).  Also ordered a cold tapas with salmon and trout... they left out the trout and when we asked about it the waiter said \"oh we must be out\"... ( no they didn't take it off our bill or offer us something else).  The lamb lollipop was not horrible, but have definitely had better.  We really wanted to like this place because we can walk to it and atmosphere was good.  But the food won't keep this place afloat unless they make it better.  We will go back once more to try their paella, but if it's a bust we are done.  Overall, not impresses in the least.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Online system down. They flaunt the ability to make an appointment. However, well good luck with that. Be sure you catch them at a good time. I'm sitting with an entire restaurant staff currently... Hoping to get out of here before I'm 50. No one answers he phone, and starting 9/29 no drug screens at this location", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Normally I find the food here excellent.  Tonight, we ordered med rare lamb skewers delivered.  Well, the lamb was well done to burnt.  When we contacted the location, the response was \"call tomorrow when a manager is in\".  \n\nI took the over cooked lamb and drove to the location.  They provided a replacement order of lamb, but would not do anything about the original delivery fee.\n\nIt appeared that there was no manager oversight at the location and the staff are not empowered to correct these kind of issues.\n\nIf I want over cooked meat prepared by teenagers, I can visit the local burger joint. We call Me va me to enjoy a well prepared lamb skewers. I like to give companies a chance to fix issues. Given the lack of authority at Me va me, I will look to pick up overcooked burgers somewhere else next time.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Very long wait (I get it, you're new). It seems like drive thru staff at window don't pay attention. They tried to send me on my way without giving me half my order. \nI ordered an iced mocha that came completely unstirred. What I ended up with was a mouthful of chocolate syrup, because the milk/espresso was all on top, with a pile of chocolate on the bottom. What drive thru DOESN'T STIR DRINKS? (Yeah, that's what we want to do, open a drink, in our car, and try to stir chocolate syrup into a cold beverage...)\nThe sandwich was good, though VERY small compared to places like wildflower bread Co., and paradise bakery. Also, the tuna to mayo/dressing ratio seems to be off. I feel like I got a sandwich that was mostly mayo. I don't think I'll return for that. \nAll in all, 11 bucks (after tax) for a coffee drink and a sandwich. That price seems high, for what I received, after a verrrrrry loooonnnnggg wait. I think I would rather go elsewhere.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Sadly, this weekly favorite recently changed hands and the quality of the food declined. First to go were the delicious eggplant sandwiches. Tried the new veggie sandwich which sadly only contained only potatoes. Then the quality of the remaining ingredients began to decline (tabouleh with vinegar?). The result, I have been searching for another place to satisfy the hunger for a decent falafel or eggplant sandwich.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "So, if I had written this review yesterday, I would have given the place 5 stars. I was treated for a leg wound by a wonderful PA, Misty. However, today I had some questions about the wound dressing.  I called and was told that Misty wasn't on call today but that the on-call doc or PA would call me back. That was over 5 hours ago. They close at 6.  So I called back. And was told that HE was \"too busy\" to talk to me. Really?  I will call back and talk to Misty tomorrow. I know SHE will call me back.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "So where do I begin, disappointment doesn't fully describe our experience. We were a party of four.  The waiter explained that the portions weren't \"overly large\", he was somewhat correct but he should have said they were absurdly small. I don't often leave a restaurant hungry and thinking where can I stop on the way home for a quick bite.   The waiter explained that we should share the meals, but order a number of courses, which is what we did.   \n\nWe started with a Ceasar Salad, it was very good but small in size , our second course was an order of Barrata cheese, which also was very tasty.\n\nOur third course was pasta, we ordered a Cavatelli with chicken, there was barely two tablespoons of past.  Absurd,  I believe it was $18 and was supposed to be a main course and was barely an appetizer size.\n\nOur fourth course was Flank Steak., $35,  they first brought out steak knives that you could use to butcher the ox with, and then out came the steak. Eight or so thin strips of steak,  I mean thin, it would have been laughable if I wasn't paying for it. \n\nThe atmosphere was very nice, and all the dishes were very tasty and well done.  The place was packed tonight but my guess is that they'll be out of business in six months. No Ox got fat eating here.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "This company replaced the opener motor last year. Initially they charged way too much, and ended up issuing a partial refund of a couple hundred dollars. Last night just after 5p the garage door wouldn't open, so I called them as I thought it could be related to the new opener.  The guy tells me both springs are broken.  He charged $375 to install two new springs, and it took him less than an hour.  In just researching the average cost of parts and labor for two springs, the average cost is $180-$250.  Wow.  As you can see, significant OVERCHARGING is a common practice with these people.  Do yourself a favor and find someone else.  I wish I would have done my research first, though it's pretty inconvenient when someone is there and can do it and you don't have time to research and eff around trying to schedule someone.  It'd be nice if this company had integrity and charged fair market value.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Food is ok, but the portion is half of chipotle for the same price. Staff is what I give the one star for. Not helpful and rude. I asked for a cup of water and the cashier pointed to the cups with an expression on her face that said \"how could you not see those, take one.\" \n\nI will never come here again", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I've frequented a few times before, and have enjoyed the food here each time. The last time I visited was no exception. My donair was completely satisfying, and I loved every juicy bite. My veggie samosa was an even match, a wonderful combination of spice and flavour. \n\nHowever, shortly after eating my meal this time, I experienced dizziness, headache, and a light-headed sensation.  I'm no stranger to MSG since I eat at Chinese places often enough. I'm also no stranger to being dosed with MSG at said Chinese places. I'm saddened, but I will no longer return to this restaurant. \n\nThere's a reason why every bite is so delicious. None too good for anyone.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Today I had a flight out of Ashville that was canceled because of mechanical issues.  Seems like they have issues with keeping up with their planes.  They used to be a cheap airlines, but now they cost the same,  and you don't even get to leave the day you paid for.....  I don't recommend using this airlines", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Update - it's been over two months. I received an email from the assistant general manager on June 10 and responded via the phone number left for him. I did not receive a call back. Today I finally reach the general manager who acknowledge the accident and is finally turning this over to their insurance company. The jury is still out as to how this will be resolved. I'm not a litigious person - but I feel that the holiday inn should be paying for me to seek further medical attention for the injury caused by their negligence.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The location and layout was great.  Bar service was spot on.  I had the Father's Day special it was great (cheesesteak sandwich combo).\n\nWe came back month later, ordered the trash nachos... no! Never again. ... they were smush, (paper thin chips? Really) the cheese was horrible and I had to ask for extra jalape\u00f1os.... it was supposed to be pulled pork not cut meat chunks. .. very disappointed.. I was gonna send it back but I was getting my drink on anyway, so I didn't care at that moment...", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The menu needs some help! I expected a lot more from this place. Half of the items I saw on Yelp and wanted to try have been removed from the menu :(. The ahi tacos were great ( a bit pricey) but the Fireball wings I ordered were dry! And they tasted like regular hot wings, nothing special. The drink I had was good.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Are here for lunch, sat at the bar.\n\nBartender/server was prompt and courteous.\n\nHad a Macallan12 single and then a Sauvignon Blanc which were great. \n\nI ordered the charcuterie salad and the Cabernet steak and mushrooms; I was not a fan. The salad had too many different flavors that clashed; prosciutto, raw string beans, and cranberries just didn't mesh well. The steak/mushroom.. well the Cabernet sauce was pretty good.. but it was very..edible but that's about it. \n\nMaybe their dinner menu is better with all the great reviews about steak but my lunch was mediocre at best.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Sunday evening 3-19-18. Party of 7. Must have been understaffed because the tables were not cleared and the servers were running. After 2 large trays of chips and several bowls of delicious chipotle salsa we still had no water!! I asked the bartender for a pitcher of water and some glasses and he refused. Good food. \nTerrible service. \n\n\nThank you for your thoughtful and generous response! We did enjoy the food. It was delicious. We will revisit the restaurant soon.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I eat at the Waffle House  periodically.  But this location profiles clients.  When arriving to the waffle house we were given a regular menue.  Then I noticed all the ither customers were getting the all you can eat menu.   When I askes the waitress for the all you can eat menu she ignored me.  So I thought she didn't hear me and asked her again.  It was very obvious that she didn't want me to order off that menu.   They were only for certain customers.   So we left and I hear the waitress say she was rude.  Really!!!  If you haven't noticed we are in the 20th century.   Were that traylor trash hillbillies bull isn't excepted anymore. I won't be.back shame on you.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Just overpriced bar food (and apparently Italian). I was running out of time for lunch, so I figured what the hell. The menu had standard bar fare and some pasta items. It is very pricey for a lunch menu with most items ranging around $15. The restaurant was pretty busy and I imagine this is because of its prime location. I had a cheese burger ($9.95). It was nothing special but it came with mayo. What is this, Canada?\n\nFood Quality/Taste = 3 Stars\nPortion Size Given Price = 2 Stars\nRelative Price = 1 Stars\nService = 2 Stars\nExperience with Staff = 3 Stars\nDecor = 3 Stars\nClean (yes/no) = yes", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I can't recommend this restaurant or justify coming here anymore based on the increase in prices.  Food is good but I would rather skip for the price.  \n\nGreen isn't on my radar anymore.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I'm just in the area for the day... Showing some houses to some buyer clients and needed a place to stop for lunch between appointments. I ate too much. This Brother's is not as good as a similar place on Peoria... But it was decent. I would eat here again if driving by and in the mood for pizza. My Pepsi tasted fine. The girl who took my order was happy & pleasant. I got my soda topped off before I left and I got two sides of ranch at no charge... The only thing I was out off by was that I'm glad I didn't have to pay for the ranch because they were both half full which is why I needed two. If I had paid for them, I would have said something. I'm full, happy and ready for a nap... Oh! Need to show houses... \n\nI ordered the two slices of cheese and a Pepsi and my total was $4.38\n\nUm I went to the bathroom before leaving,.. The door didn't lock and toilet sprayed water (yes toilet water) at me and did not flush properly... Hopefully they get that fixed!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Overall I was surprised that this experience was so sub par, being that the owner is a world renowned chef. \n\nLet me start by saying I sat there for a while before my drink order was taken. After I ordered my phone was nearly dead and my charger wasn't working, I asked if he had one behind the bar I was told no but later saw there was one all along. \n\nThe bartender was polite but put everyone at the bar before me for some reason. I kept having to call him over for more water & tea. It seemed as though he thought I wouldn't tip as much as the others or something. \nThat wasn't even the worst part... The food was bland bland bland. \nI ordered the roasted chicken with Yukon potatoes and creamed spinach. The portion was big but the food had absolutely no flavor. The tea was the best part of my meal. If in Vegas I recommend sushi samba, joes stone crab or any other restaurant besides this! I definitely won't be going back.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The location is somewhat difficult to find, it's labeled as a holistic doctors office. Mavis was great with filing the nail and trimming the cuticle. She also gave a great foot scrub and foot massage. However I was very disappointed in the outcome. My nails and toes looked great when I left but the gel started chipping later that night and before the end of the week several nails had no polish left on them. She hurried me out of the salon before my toes were dry and although I left them in flip flops for several hours they still messed up when I put on heels for the event that night.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "They have absolutely not one ounce of ability to direct traffic or organize the vehicles as for easy exit. It took 2 hours and 25 minutes just to leave the parking lot. I've been to concerts, football games, baseball, hockey, basketball, rodeo, monster truck, college football bowl games and the Indy 500 NONE took more than 30 mins to leave, NASCAR should drop Las Vegas Motor Speedway from the series.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I don't get it.  Not only this place has excellent reviews, but the parking lot is packed from 5 am till well past midnight.  And I see it every day, I'm not exaggerating.\nSo finally I dragged my husband in there for lunch.  We wanted to see what all they hype was about.  And???  we still want to know what the hype is all about.\nOk, so I get it must be a great bar, so I understand it being crowded during typical \"bar hours\".  But what's up with 6 am, or 10 am, or 12 pm?  \nThe service was good, I admit.  The lady that helped us was very friendly.\nBut the food, well, it was just average bar food.  And the place is dark and cavernous...again, great for a bar, but breakfast or lunch?  I\nSo I'm still baffled...", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Stopped by on Monday and they were closed. Answering machine says Monday by chance. So just know that Monday they are closed. Store hours on the window would be helpful.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "11/29/14 our family upgraded phones, in the process, sales person offered free samsung tablets only needed to pay tax on it-$19.08. We asked a few questions because it sounded too good to be true but he assured us that no fee will be added onto our account, cause it runs on wifi. So we purchased 4 tablets for each of us in our family share plan. Few day later I called sprint billing dept. for non related questions and found out that sales person totally misled us, also found out sprint charged 3 tablets $720.00 on our acct as past due, pay now. With multiple phone calls to sprint billing dept and visit 3 times to store, finally i was able to get 720.00 off my acct on 12/9/14 with billing dept with Christina -best customer service person.\n\n4th Tablet returned by my son 12/10/14 well within return period policy, same day my on line bill shows 240.00 as charge, also in red ink warning pay past due now or will be subject to collection activities and service interruption. Today is 12/17/14, after multiple phone calls to billing dept , i was passed around to different depts and a couple of reps gave me an absurd reason for not getting the refund i.e. takes 3-5day, 3-5 billing cycles??? for need to check warehouse for return merchandise, on and on.\nI probably have to pay $240.00 tablet we don't have in order to prevent \"collection activities or service interruption\". I have been very patient to try to understand through this ordeal but I am very disappointed at the sprint system. Such a big corporation can't even take care of a refund??? i had sprint service for over four years and never had a late payment. Be aware of sales people's special promotions!  my experience with most of them are very helpful but need to watch out for some.... My complaints are more to corporate refund system, original sales person and billing dept. other sales people were trying to help me get 4th tablet refund but they couldn't resolve.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "In our mission to seek out the best Thai food wherever we live, we finally made it to Thailicious (well, takeout anyway). \n\nI ordered the Pepper Beef lunch special, and my wife got the Drunken Noodles with chicken. Flavors are typical for Thai fare, but nowhere near the heat range from the number of stars ordered (they use a mild thru hot range vs stars, 3 is supposedly medium but tastes like a zero). \n\nTakeout lunches did not come with soup or salad, just the Thai spring roll (which was nice and crisp), and the portions were TINY compared to nearby Swaddee Thai (our favorite Thai place so far). \n\nCalled to let them know about the lack of spicy in the dishes, got a couple of sorries then was hung up on. Yay. \n\nFun fact: they have punch cards! I've got two punches on mine--anybody want it, because we are never going back.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I've been here twice now for lunch.  First time I got a double burger, fried pickles, and a root beer float.  The float was delicious.  The fried pickles were very tasty, though quite salty, and the burger was not very good.  The meat was ground very fine and tasted like some sort of weird meatloaf.  Generally when meat is ground that fine it makes me wonder what is in it that they're trying to hide.\n\nToday I stayed away from the burger.  I had a veggie burger, a grilled chicken sandwich and fried macaroni and cheese (I just had to try it).  The mac and cheese was good, for fried boxed mac and cheese.  The veggie burger was obviously out of a box and not homemade, but tasted decent.  The \"grilled chicken breast\" was neither grilled nor a breast.  The meat was super processed chicken meat (used loosely) pressed together in a spongy breast shape then warmed up on a flat burner.  I couldn't even finish it b/c it grossed me out.\n\nBasically, they seem like a nice ice cream place, but the food is unfortunately not good at all.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Went there with a friend on a recent trip to Toronto. The food is good, the music is great, and the drinks are cheap. It has a small stage in the center with lots of room for dancing. My problem, though, was with the management. When I complained about a particular male customer who was harassing me and my friend, the manager just shrugged it off.  We wound up having to leave early to get away from the jerk who was bothering us.  It's a shame because we were having a good time until then. I don't think I'll be going back on my next visit.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "We saw this place being built and were excited to see it. We don't have many restaurant choices out here in Hendertucky.\n\nWe went there after a week of them opening which was probably too soon. \n\nThe girl taking the order was very pleasant and she made sure the order was correct. Her trainer was right behind her keeping an eye on her for accuracy. \n\nI had the fish tacos which were good. They kids enjoyed their quesadillas too.\n\nMy GF, her meal came out wrong twice. The owner came out and entertained the kids by giving them stickers to stick someplace on the wall. We were waiting for him to say something about the meal being made wrong but he never did. It was pretty busy and everyone was still trying to figure out their jobs with it just opening. Maybe the info didn't get to him, who knows.\n\nWe will be back after its been open a while and hopefully have a better experience.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Well update on the third try getting an adjustment here : 15 min wait . \n\nNot once - not one single time - did i walk in and had no or little wait. \n\nDefeats the concept of easy and FAST adjustments totally. \n\nI never have that problem at the charleston location . \n\ndamaging to the brand and annoying . avoid location", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Purchased a remanufactured battery. Was wrong size for my truck and it fried my starter due to this. Went back to exchange it for correct size and was told you get what you get and that one will work with a charge. I was told to goto another location to exchange it for the correct one. That location sent me to a warehouse where they said no receipt no exchange. I was not given one in first place. Do yourself the favor and spend the extra money at a reputable place with a real warranty and prorated replacement. I will be going to dmv to file a complaint as well as BBB as this experience cost me a days work plus a new starter.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "This location sucks , waited 7 minutes for the drive thru guy to say one word for me , waited 5 more minutes for him to even take my order . Got to the window , waited 23 minutes for him to open the window and take my payment , waited 12 more minutes for my smoothies to come out , only ordered 3 smoothies & it took 47 minutes !!!! ridiculous , don't ever waste you time & come here . he didn't even apologize for the wait let alone didn't say have a good night either . - erin & maddie", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Nothing special, really.  The prices were great, especially the $5 Sake Bomber special.  But overall, the food was just not sexy at all.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Came here with a large group of 8 after the MJ Cirque Due Soleil show.   While we were seated promptly it took forever for any server to come and give us water.  We decide to order the guacamole which was bland and lacked any flavor besides a strong onion flavor (some spice, salt, and lime was needed).\n\nUnfortunately the meal was far from redeeming.  I ordered the beef quesadilla.  The outershell was soaked in oil and unedible and it was loaded with so much cheese that it overpowered the beef so I ended up picking the quesadilla to push everything to the side except for the beef, which was cooked well but could have been seasoned better.\n\nIt had an expansive menu which was great for people who have a wide range of preferences in food, however that was unfortunately the only good thing I experienced at Border Grill.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Good and large choose of features in the shop however I don't recommend the rep department to fix a vintage bike!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Ace car rental is not inside the airport. Their is a second shuttle which takes you to the car rental site. The shuttle driver said it is a free shuttle yet my on my receipt i noticed that they charged me a shuttle fee. The customer service agent I dealt with told me I had to get the Ace additional insurance cause I didn't have a copy of my full coverage insurance policy. I had rented cars with other companies and never needed a copy of my insurance. She proceeded to inform me that if I didn't opt for Ace's insurance that I would have to continue to pay for the car daily until my insurance company and Ace hashed out any damages. I booked my car through Expedia and Ace's prices were cheaper, but when you factor in the second shuttle and the additional insurance they basically forced me to get, I wish I would have used a more reputable company.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Yesterday, after having gone through a laser back procedure, my husband and I stopped by the Red Robin's Gourmet Burgers restaurant near our home to get lunch to go.  When we got home, we were ready to eat.  The Onion Rings we'd ordered were good and my husband's Black & Blue burger was good.  I had order the Pig Out Burger as I really like burgers with bacon.  When ordering, I requested that the sauces be to the side (little cup type containers) and no cheese.  The burger I received had nothing but the hamburger patty - NO bacon, tomatoes, lettuce or anything else! (3/4 of my burger is sitting in the frig.)  We had never been to any Red Robin Restaurant before but had purchased a gift card in Dec. for a Christmas Gift to send to my eldest brother.  I sure hope that he is able to find a more reliable establishment in Alabama than this one.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Boston Market used to have really good side dishes to go with the chicken and turkey but lately the veggies have to undercooked and bland.  We used to go there at least twice a month but have not gone back for several months now.  It seems that when companies have a good thing, they start to cut corners.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Super disappointing. Two of my girlfriends and I went here recently for dinner. The decor is amazing. Impeccable. We sat on the patio with the large door open. The entire vibe is perfect. The chairs weren't comfortable but the look was amazing. But that's about where it ends. We all ordered drinks - I didn't love mine at first and our server offered to swap it out. I got a blackberry mixed drink instead. Don't remember the name but it was pretty good. My friend asked about the bread - our server said he'd bring them out. So we waited. We ordered. \n\nMy friends ordered burgers and mac and cheese. I ordered the meat special - crab cake with the two sides the server recommended, squash casserole and mac and cheese. Our food came out (we had to ask about the bread again and it was brought out with our meal) and it was a major disappointment. Both of my friends ordered their burgers a certain temp (neither of which was well done) and both were served well done. My one friend ordered her burger with no tomato jam but there was tomato jam on it. She bit into it and within minutes had an allergic reaction. They apologized, redid the burgers and comped their meal, so the customer service was good. The second round of burgers had the right ingredients but were still well done. As for my crab cake? Meh. It was kinda wet and soggy inside. I ended up mainly eating the outside of it and leaving the soggy part on the plate. The sides weren't great to me. I only ate a few bites of the mac because I limit dairy. I brought the remainder home to fiance to eat and he described them as \"just okay\". \n\nFor the inconvenience of having to redo the meals, they offered us dessert. We shared the oatmeal cookie and hummingbird cake. They were the best part of the meal. \n\nOverall - it was a major disappointment. I won't be back.\n\nUpdate: a few hours after eating here, I had the worst stomach ache and got sick twice throughout the night. The next morning I see a text from one of my girlfriends who ate with me the night before at Packhouse and she reports the same!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Sunday brunch review:\n\nNo king crab legs...this was a big disappointment for us since we were ALL looking forward to this.  But they had eggs benedict, delish smoked salmon and scallop ceviche.  Shrimp cocktail was okay.  Pancakes are made fresh hazelnut french toast which looked really good, there is also a custom omelet stand.  I didn't eat any bread product (other than bread pudding which was yum) or rice bc I wanted to eat the out of ordinary stuff lol\nPrime rib was tender and juicy.  Drinks were included other than bottomless mimosas and they have sparkling water!!!  Service was great.\n\nStrangely enough (because it's not an unusual item), I keep thinking about the sugar free cheesecake.\n\nDo not get sorbets, super melty and peach sorbet tasted like puke.  Get the raspberry kind if you must.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I can't bring myself to give it three stars. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful but the room was horribly located. Many of the rooms are directly adjacent to the elevator shafts (at least in our tower) and they are noisy. All night you can hear the elevators whisking people up and down (with little break). I guess you can chalk it up to me being a light sleeper but be forewarned. \n\nAlso, we visited two of the bars at the hotel. Multiple bartenders, different bars, different nights. Same overpriced and sub-par drinks. Only come to the bars as a last resort. Food was good though (though we didn't have any room service). \n\nOther than those issues, it's a decent hotel. A inviting lobby and nice interior are the pluses. Location-wise, it's a mixed bag. Be prepared to walk to get to many places. If you're coming from the airport there is a new express bus (~20/person).", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Fly Allegiant air \"where the planes never fly on time!\nThis should be there new mantra.  Allegiant decided to give our plane to another destination.  Thats so nice, no mechanical problems they just needed the plane.  What a way to run an airline.  I opted to save some money and once again i got what i payed for.  A disorganized mess.  Next time ill spend the extra for a ticket on a better more organized airline carrier.  Cheers and  beers! Thankfully their is a nice bar nearby!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Was hoping for a nice lunch with my daughter. Not sure what has happened with the service industry. In my option it sucks. You pay $50 for lunch and get shit service. I'm better off eating at home. The food was okay. My water, drinks, appetizer, entre show up at the same time. As everything  is being served at once my waiter spills my margarita on my pants and sandal. Says sorry, runs away never to be seen again. Luckily anther server was near by to get a napkin to wipe myself off. Seriously. I complained maybe thinking the manager would come by, but only to hear the server is busy. Never going back, that's for sure. If my waiter was so busy the manager should be helping making sure everything runs smoothly. I'm sure the manager was standing there with his thumb up his ass.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "This was our third stop on our tour of Zack Bruell restaurants.  We are new to the area and absolutely LOVE Chinato so we had to try Parallax. The atmosphere in the main dining room is modern. We were seated in the back room which has space heaters and much less to appreciate.   The staff were friendly and helpful.   Unfortunately, the meal was disappointing. We tried both the sushi and American items on the menu. The sushi was mediocre at best.  There was too much cilantro on the Hamachi which was not the freshest. The  crudo at Chinato is miles better.  The pork shank and  scallops were very good but with all the excellent restaurants in Tremont, I wouldn't say it's a must try.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Hello Matthew,\n You are correct, when you came by our table we did tell you things were fine. If you would have checked with your staff you would have been informed that I did complain to the server that the bacon tempura was not good prior to you coming to our table. I would have thought that he would have informed you as the place wasn't to busy. We did hear him tell the kitchen staff about it. Plus if you had looked at our plates when you came to the table, I would have thought the pile of batter on the plate would have been a clue? If you didn't see it then you surly saw it when it was cleared from the table. I didn't fell it necessary to complain twice, your staff should have informed you, that is just my opinion on that. The other thing was the server did ask about a replacement, I declined. I also paid the bill in full without any compensation for an un happy customer. \nAs for you being a small busy, I am trying to do my part for you. Our first meal there was great! This is an opportunity for you to hear from your customers and maybe take a look at things that need to be tweaked or changed. \nI wish you well.\nThis is what Yelp is for to inform and hopefully help.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I wish I could give this place a half of a star or zero stars.   I live in Las Vegas and have been here a couple of times.  The first time I was excited because I like watching Guy on DDD and I know he KNOWS what people love but, I could not have been more disappointed!  The food is totally overpriced and the selection not that great.  We got an appetizer of pretzel sticks wrapped in pepperoni with a cheese dip - this was a joke, it was pretzel rods - the kind you buy in a bag at the store.  This was something like $15.00.  The rest of the food that was ordered SUCKED.  Everyone ordered different things so we could all try everything and NOTHING was good.  The next time I went was with a different group of friends that were in town and wanted to try it so...i went.  I  was hoping for a better experience, but once again, TOTALLY disappointed.  \nFor all of the food this Guy has eaten, this is a huge disappointment.  Overpriced and overhyped.  I've had better food from a hot dog stand outside of a Home Depot!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Food was good for the price but they did not take Steak n' Shake gift cards.  I find it absolutely ridiculous that they do not even take their own gift cards.  Where else am I supposed to use a Steak n' Shake gift card?", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Yeah, I cant even properly review this place because we were actually just shunned. My mom and I were at the counter waiting to order, and the man at the counter basically tottered around ignoring us. Then, when a family came in behind us, he proceeded to look right past us and serve them. We looked at each other and confused, watched as he immediately rang throigh and processed their order while continuing to kot acknowledge us standing at th counter. I am blown away and confused. My mom and I were completely ignored and didnt even get the opportunity to try the food. Great customer service....", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The atmosphere is great, but the food is overpriced and mediocre. My chicken was well seasoned, but dry.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "We used to love this place but yikes it has gotten pricey and the food is not that amazing.  We spent $65 for two burgers, onion rings and a beer!  Even by vegas standards that is pricey for a couple of burgers!  The wait is long and the atmosphere is crazy noisy at best.  This used to be a favorite vegas stop, but I think I have been there for my last visit.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Came here for lunch after shopping. I will never ever go to another T.G.I.Fridays. My server Marissa or Miranda would not serve me. The host Trent from the front that seated me had to serve me. I'm  sure this had to do with the color of my skin. To my put one star cause I needed it for this review. I guess I have to find another favorite restaurant.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The expectations were high.. we were excited to finally try the much anticipated new coffee place in downtown Summerlin..the anticipation didn't match reality. \n\nThe venue is nice enough. The service is abysmally slow... where the servers don't even attempt to connect to the patrons...the food is average at best. \n\nIt could be amazing... just keep it simple.. good food presented quickly in an environment that is pleasant and enjoyable... the area is starving for a social coffee place that isn't corporate.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I am having a difficult time getting an appointment with the Surgeon I was referred to.  It's difficult scheduling an appointment.  I spoke to April who schedules appointments, but when she would ask one question and I was ready ready to answer she asked me two more.  I'm not alone with my review.  It's reasonable to expect  to talk to someone who is compassionate and whom will return your calls.  I'm disappointed.  I'm not their only patient in need of care.  I hear the Doctors at MD Anderson Cancer Center are great.  It's the difficulty in getting an appointment scheduled. I'm confident I'll get good care from my Doctor at MD Anderson when my Doctor's office and myself navigate their requirements.  I give two stars for the process and staff you need to deal with to get an appointment.   Again, the Doctor I will be seeing gets outstanding reviews.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Nice guys. Fit us in same day and did a great job cleaning our tile. Unfortunately, they rushed the job though and in the process some of the solution they used flicked up on the bottom of our brand new stainless steel fridge.  I didn't notice the stains until the next day and I contacted Ishmael. He said he would contact me to resolve the issue but after a week I didn't hear from him. We found a chemical that could take the stain off, as normal cleaner wouldn't work.  It took the stain off but also damaged the finish. Bottom line:  Inspect your house top to bottom before they leave.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "This was my first time here, and I'm sure it will be my last. It was unusually cold out for Phoenix, so I thought a hot cocoa would be perfect. I ordered a large hot cocoa, not sure what I got but it was the worst hot cocoa I've had in my life. If pressed, I would have to say it resembles malt ovaltine. ( But with no taste, really bland, Ovaltine would be exciting in comparison. )", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I will give this place 2 stars just because they have FAYGO pop 3 for a dollar.....Besides that the Deli sucks and I wont be back because for 7.99 I can do better with my money....Really I expected better than a overpriced cornbeef!!!!The chip selection is good and beer selection is decent....After a days work I want something better than this place I went out on a limb and got screwed....I went back to 56 miles on a empty stomach because I through the cornbeef out the window!!!!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I've been to almost every cigar store worth going to in Phoenix and I have to say that the Tinder box has a lot of potential and that's about it. The store itself is nice but once you enter the huge humidor you quickly realize that somethings not quite right. the humidor is only 30 to 40%  full and of that 30 to 40% of cigars it's a lot of off brands, bundles and empty boxes of cigars on the shelves. When the cigar inventory improves the tinder box will warrant another look and probably 4 stars but for now it's 2 stars, you can't call yourself a legitimate cigar store without legitimate cigars.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "We knew we wanted ramen while in Vegas (hot soup in the desert? Oh, yeah), but didn't know where to go.\n\nA fabulous-facial-haired Yelp buddy had written a stellar review of this place, and we knew this was the place to be. So, we made reservations (totally unnecessary) for lunch.\n\nThe place was pretty empty at noon on a Sunday, but filled up pretty quickly. We were seated, offered drinks, and ordered from the prix fixe menu.\n\n+First course: Social House green salad with baby mesclun, tomato, and julienne slices of some root vegetable. It was dripping in the ginger dressing. It was tasty, but I wasn't interested in drinking my salad.\n\n+Second course: Tonkotsu ramen, pork broth, a slab of pork, served with a soft-boiled egg and some fried garlic bits. The broth tasted kinda funny, so we added a splash of soy sauce for some flavor, broke open the yolk to add some creaminess, and sprinkled in the fried bits of garlic for some bite. It helped tremendously. I finished the entire bowl. Woo, proud member of the Clean Plate Club!\n\n+Third course: spicy tuna cut roll. Here's where the problem lies: I don't know about you, but I cannot stand it when sushi has creamy ingredients added to it. Save the mayonnaise for sandwiches and the cream cheese for bagels. When I order sushi, I want simplicity; the flavors of the rice, nori, and fish must be able to stand alone, otherwise, I begin to wonder what you're trying to hide with that huge dollop of aioli. End rant. Anyway, with all that said, the sushi was NOT my favorite. Even the shrimp tempura cut roll had a ton of aioli added to the already-creamy avocado. What gives?\n\nThe service was great and the atmosphere was beautiful, but what's all that when the food isn't excellent, too?", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I was staying at the Hilton, and didn't want to go out in the heat, so I decided to have a Scotch and eat at the bar. I had the chicken Marsala. I never order this dish, but my wife does and it's usually delicious. Not so for Nook Kitchen. The sauce was too strong. The chicken was tough. The Glenfiddich at the bar was superb, though.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I was very excited about finally trying Eggslut. We waited in the 30+ minute line for this experience. However, as soon as I was next in line to order, 3 guys walked up and cut the line. Patrick, the manager, allowed this and said it was fine because they \"called ahead,\" yet still placed their order on the spot. It was incredibly disrespectful to all of us who had been waiting in line that these guys somehow got preferential treatment. I will not be coming back.\n\nAnd my sandwich was only okay.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Disappointed and sad.  Why advertise farm to table and yet not explain anything about your culture and principles.  We had a business dinner for 10 people.  Wait staff was not invested in our experience and certainly did nothing to make us return.  The $46 ribeye was one of the toughest pieces of meat I've had.   Maybe we were eating retired and repurposed milk cows?  Salty and over seasoned, I would swear the steaks were tenderized with papain.  Most folks didn't finish their plates.  Cleveland has a great food scene...unfortunately this place isn't part of it.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I work right down the street from Tammie Coe on Roosevelt, and for months my co-workers and I have been talking about getting Tammie Coe cupcakes. Our problem is, we always end up eating lunch way too late and never make it to cupcake time.\n\nYesterday, we made a point to eat lunch at 11:30 and then skipped right over to Tammie Coe. \n\nThe cakes and cupcakes and cute little tarts are absolutely gorgeous. We were overwhelmed by our 4 cupcake choices (we wanted them all), and ultimately both of my co-workers chose the Ooey Gooey and I had the Vanilla Toffee. \n\nWe got back to our office and dove in. My Vanilla Toffee cupcake had so much frosting, it was way too much for me. Granted, I'm not a frosting kind of girl, but even my co-worker commented on both the amount of frosting on my cupcake and then texture. Her cake was lighter and smoother, while mine was incredibly dense. If I go back for another cupcake, it will be for the Ooey Gooey (there is a good reason why this one is their most popular, I'm sure). \n\nI indulged in Tammie Coe once prior at a friend's birthday. I still don't know if it was the cake or the assortment of very sweet cocktails, but I remember not being a huge fan of the very very rich, very decadent birthday cake. I like sweets, but Tammie Coe is too sweet for me.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Good drinks and drink selection. Very average burger, with more bun than meat and toppings. Brussel sprouts are pretty good. Sweet potato fries were overcooked and lukewarm. Nothing special. Much better places to go while in Vegas.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I had a hot turkey sandwich. It was very good and the roll was nice and fresh. The service was not at all what I was expecting. But the whole Caesars complex was a downer.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "This pizza company is great, I have not had this pizza since HS. The flavored crust sets them apart. The sign is easy to see and was busy when I went tonight. \nWe got the flavored crust, butter cheese with pepperoni and Howie Bread. \nI think I got food poisoning, sick from 11pm-2am. Not fun. Not going to eat here ever again.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I tried this place for the last time. Ive been here several times and everytime its never the same price and the people dont know the price they always have to call someone (the owner i assume) and clarify what price was agreed upon. When the guy asked do u want oil and hot stone he never said it would be $10 extra. Umm for you to rub a hot stone and oil on my back for an extra 3 1/2 minutes , im good thanks SKIP. Such a rip off. Dont go just because its convenient.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Maybe if we were drinkers this would have been a better experience, although the menu looked appealing, the food was mediocre at best and the service was horrifically slow. Overlooked fish In the tacos, just blah. Perfect setting and patio, am sure drinks would be fine, but skip the food!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "This is RE: the Great Northern location: If you like your clothes smashed together and jumbled up into a ball at the desk by girls with an attitude problem and then stuffed into a bag so small that it's sure to leave wrinkles, then this is the place for you!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Was really excited when this first opened but was quickly disappointed after I tried it. The service and the presentation of the ice cream was great and the staff were nice but I thought the ice cream tasted too watered down. It tasted more like ice with some artificial flavors. It didn't have enough creaminess for my taste. I'd still recommend trying it once if nothing more than to see them roll the ice cream cause that part is really cool", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I have tried this location twice for custom print work. My two star goes to the terribly unhappy woman that works behind the counter. And this locations lack of attention to detail. \n\nHoney, for Pete's sake, be nice. You have lovely manicured nails, nice skin and a you stand with a strong presence. Why do you have to be so pissed off looking? It makes your customers uncomfortable. \n\nTeam, small things, like cutting a straight line along the edge of a print job. It goes a long way. They were invitations to a party, not some cheap flyer! Couldn't you have paid closer attention to detail so that it didn't look like a five year old cut them out with hand scissors?", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Looks like I'm not the only one dealing with the annoying rude receptionist.  LOL, whew. \n\nAnne Marie does an excellent job, no doubt about it.  The only issue I had was the moron receptionist who called me and was asking for a lot of question about my online booking after 2 weeks it was booked.  Probably because the appointment I made was in a week.  She dare to accused me of not properly book the appointment online.  She said nothing was on the requested appointment.  I put all the information on it, who it's for...the voucher number and the slot for Anna Marie.  I'm always very thorough with my bookings.  I have an account and I added my husband on my family member to use the account.  She actually went in and changed my name to his?  Yup, what a moron, super incompetent.  Come on now...don't have an online booking if you don't know how to use it.  Learn how to read the notes, she said there is not a section that allows that.  She said, \"It doesn't allow you to do that.\"  By the way, I checked again and screenshot the note section.  \n\nOn the Elements Massage site breaks down by time slot and therapist.  I wanted Anna Marie, so I choose her time slot.  The moron started to ask me what massage pressure I want.  I told her, I never had someone asked me that before my appointment in person, why is she asking.  She told me, Anna Marie doesn't do deep tissue.  So if I want that I have to change therapist.  Umm....a therapist should be able know the right pressure point for their guest in my opinion.  I know, not all therapist can do Thai yoga massages.... that I get...but the amount of pressure that needs to be applied.... really lady?!  Anna Marie does do deep tissue massage.  My husband said she's in the top 3 he's had so far in Las Vegas.  As you can see, super irritated with this moron.  Trying to move schedule around for what?  For her faves for have more scheduling or something?  Not cool.   For sure won't be going back her to deal with this moron.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "New in town & this place was recommended to my husband and I by many people.  We are both from CA, so we know good Mexican food.  We have been living in Italy for the past few years, where Mexican food is non-existent, so we were looking forward to eating here.  I got the 1 taco & 1 enchilada plate & my husband got the 1 burrito & 1 enchilada plate.  While eating the beans I was thinking to myself how salty they were, & then moved on to the taco which was even more salty. It tasted like I was eating pure salt. I mentioned it to my husband, & he said the same thing.  Needless to say, we did not finish our food. Will not be eating here again.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "We were there late after bowling with a party of 13. We called the day before to reserve a table. They had some customers but not crowded. The waitress was friendly and did a nice job. The kitchen was VERY slow. The food came 30-45 minutes after we ordered. Not sure why it took so long. The beer selection was nice. Several unique brews. The food was good once it finally came. I would consider trying them again but others in our group won't. Too bad because we always go out after bowling and it's a big sale for the restaurant.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Extremely disappointed with this hotel. We stayed for two nights. It is beautiful and clean but that is where it stops.  My family and I were in bed at 10:30 asleep and got woken up to housekeeping in the room next door cleaning and vacuuming.  They tell us they clean rooms until 11:30. Wth. Second the people in room next to us came in at 3am. You can here everything. Walls are so thin you can even hear them in their bathroom. I heard every word they said.  Went to front desk I. The morning and just got an apology.  Never will I stay at this hotel again!!!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Burger King is Burger King, the food is good, but the difference is service (or lack thereof).  When you go through the drive-through to get food for several, there's not really a practical way to open and check every item for accuracy.  So you drive away and you don't know it's screwed up until you get there.  Most fast food sends you with a receipt with a website you can visit to make a compliment or complaint, but we have no receipt.  So I go on BK's website to report the problem (like you can for EVERY fast food restaurant in the world), but my only option is to make a phone call to FLORIDA (toll call, no 800 number).  Seriously?\n\nAlso, and this is important...  If you're at the drive-through and they tell you to \"pull around to the front\" because your order is taking a long time, DO NOT do it.  There is no \"up front,\" there's just the exit and the street.  Most awkward, I blocked the entire world for the 10 minutes it took to get my food.\n\nThe 2-stars are because the food that *was* right was pretty yummy.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I've hesitated writing my review hoping I could write a more positive one...The hotel and the Statehouse are beautiful with excellent views.  The food is hit or miss. That being said, we have had some excellent meals there.  The service is very disappointing and hasn't improved with time.  From the bartenders to the servers no one seems to own their position or seem comfortable. \n\nA few of our experiences...We were at the Statehouse for our anniversary and my parents had called to send over a couple glasses of champagne to us.  The host told them that they couldn't seem to find us.  We were one of two tables seated in the restaurant that night. They could have found us if they had tried.  Also, my husbands steak was horrible, shouldn't have been served. \n\nWe were in the bar another night with 5 bartenders behind the bar discussing who should go home since it was a slow night.  As the only two in the bar we sat listening with empty drinks.\n\nA couple friends and I stopped in for drinks and appetizers after the homecoming game.  Yes, it was busy and yes, they knew they would have a huge crowd due to the after party they were hosting. But, they all seemed flustered and irritated. It took at least 20 minutes for someone to acknowledge us.  We asked about the wine and she said she didn't know because it was her first week.  I knew for a fact it wasn't her first week. I hope the  assumption isn't that everyone is a one time customer due to the fact that it's a hotel and people come and go. But, that's how we felt.  I could go on...\n\nIt's such a beautiful hotel and restaurant but the service does not live up the standards that you should expect to experience in a place like this.  I really do hope they can figure it out and turn things around.  Not sure how many more chances we will give.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Something doesn't quite fit at this place. The restaurant serves tapas and small plates, but lacks the liveliness, warmth, and spontaneity that both dishes suggest. The decor looks more like a swanky hotel bar than anything remotely Spanish. Some of the dishes were terrific (grilled octopus and Basque cake are stand outs), but others were lackluster ($3 jam\u00f3n croqueta? No). Some were simply inaccurately described on the menu. (If it's a crostini, tell us on the menu!) And over all, the guess work about how many dishes would be enough was annoying and time consuming. Paella was decent but not something I'd take visiting Spanish relatives to eat. (Guessing overall that they wouldn't dig it.) This place would work better with a crisper, more modern decor (more bar space, fewer large tables and grandiose club chairs, livelier music), but I suspect out-of-towners looking for a fancy meal think the decor should match the prices.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "R.I.P chick. You were decently tasty but wayyyyyyyyyyyyy overpriced. I can't say I am surprised by the closing as the last time we went there we were the only people there at 7 pm on a weeknight...and that included the waitstaff...awkward.....", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Pros:\n- the desserts are tasty \n\nThe main reason I'm not giving it a five star:\n\n- I've seen fruit flies \"playing\" with the food on display multiple times\n- The food is a bit pricey", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Came here with a 2-4-1 MyVegas coupon for brunch so the price was great, but the food was okay and service was spotty at best. \n\nLarge assortment for brunch, especially for dessert. The sushi before 10am freaked me out so I steered clear. Nothing was all that memorable from this meal except for the poor service (I had to get up and ask the waiters standing around chatting to get a refill on drinks).", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Just barely ok.  Below average free wine.  Food looks like mass prepared in mess hall. It's ok but but not wonderfully by any stretch.   Pretty pricey for what it is - IMO.  I wouldn't go back nor recommend to any of my friends. Expected so much better.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Normally good 24 hour service, in a very clean and friendly establishment.\n\nThe reason I leave a low review is because we found a strange PIECE OF METAL in one of our smoothies, literally attached to the boba. That could've been a huge dental bill waiting to happen. Dangerous and disappointing. I included a coin for size reference. I work in a professional kitchen full time and can't even understand where a piece of a metal that big would even come from. Lucky the drink wasn't served to a child! Living nearby, I come here all the time. Maybe not so much anymore.. \n\nAlso be wary of your drink sizes. I have had multiple incidents late at night where the employee thought we wouldn't notice her serving us small sizes when instead we clearly ordered larges. I'm never one to complain, but it seems like with this place it's always something. Just keep an eye out.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I've been to Dick's many times and had a great time. This however was NOT one of those times. I understand the staff are normally \"sassy and sarcastic\" but our waitress was down right rude. She would explain a coupon that was given to us at the restaurant. She snatched my friend's phone away when explaining the menu because she said she wasn't paying attention to her. The food was great. The steak was amazing. Too bad the waitress ruined the dinner for me.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Jun's Special - all of the meat was really tasty as well as the sides but I personally don't think it is worth the $14-$15\n\nBibimbap  - ordered the bibimbap without the hot plate, not sure what the difference is but it was $2 more. As for the dish itself, there was no flavor and it just felt greasy. With Bibimbap being a main dish, I expect it to be good, or at least have some flavor. Personally I like the vegetables pickled and they weren't, the plus is that the veggies were fresh. \n\nAll in all, the meat was good but not as tasty as a whole\n\nI think the total came to around $25 which isn't bad. This satisfied my KBBQ craving but definitely not worth it IMO. Don't see myself going here again", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Two stars today, only because the don't allow half-stars. \n\nI tried the new BLT+A sandwich as part of a 'Choose 2' combination. The salad portion of my combination was better than my expectations for this location, but the sandwich was, to put it mildly, a hot mess. \n\nImagine several strips of bacon  stacked haphazardly on half of a thin slice of bread. Add avocado, tomato, and lettuce. Cover with a second half slice of bread and then squash the result. \n\nA nice idea for a sandwich but D- for the execution. Never again", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Honestly, this was a big disappointment. I have been eying this place for a long time and just finally decided to try it. In my opinion it was just a waste of money. I can say that the atmosphere is really cute, the food is hot and the service was good, but that's about it. My husband and I both got the burger baskets. The burgers were decent but nothing spectacular. They were juicy, but they lacked flavor and tasted just like a burger that anyone can make at home. The fries were pretty good though. The bacon on my husband's burger tasted sour like it was old. Maybe some of the other food is awesome, but for the high price I don't think I'll chance going back again.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "We were very excited about this place as we don't have anything like this in our area and ended up very disappointed. The soups were extremely bland and we had to add a lot of spices to make it tolerable.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "First of all I would like to say the guys who came to pack our stuff up were great and worked all night. The guys who delivered our stuff were great too. \n\nWe also moved around Christmas and we moved to western Montana in winter. \n\nThat being said be warned....know how much cubic feet of stuff you have. That is crucial. \n\nWe originally received an estimate for 1300 cubic feet. We had basically two apartments to move. A few months later,we called them to set up a date for pick up and they could not find the estimate. They had no record of it and the guy we originally spoke to was no longer employed there. \nSo I stayed on the phone while at work with a gal who had only been working for them for 2 weeks. An hour later we came to basically the same cubic feet. They quoted $4900. The day arrives and their guys arrive at 6pm on a Sunday. It turns out we had a lot more than 1300 cubic feet. More like 3200 cubic feet. Oh and packing up stuff was not included in new estimate. \n\nSo our $4900 quote was more like $13,000! And if I sent them away I would lose my deposit. With the possibility of escrow closing in less than a week we were stuck. So we used them. \n\nWe had to use their boxes at $6.00  a piece and had to pack our own kitchen stuff. We had multiple pieces of furniture with glass in it and were charged extra for those pieces because the gal didn't included them in the \"quote\". \n\nWe had more stuff than would fit in the truck so they would have to send another truck to get the rest. I hounded them on when that day would be. They showed up after we had hit the road so our awesome real estate agent met them there to get the rest almost a week later. \n\nWe were told we could call a week in advance and change the delivery date. I called on 8 days ahead of time and changed the date. 3 days later I get a call saying oh well your stuff is already on the truck and they will be there by the weekend. \n\nWe got everything unloaded and the fun began. We had lots of totes. Many of them crushed. Gouges in a few pieces of furniture. Boxes crushed even if they said fragile. I have never seen anything like it. \n\nIt was a comedy of errors. I have never had to use a moving company before. I hope I won't have to again. \n\nWould I use them again. No. I knew the reviews were bad but I was hoping to give them the benefit of the doubt. I don't know if all companies are like this. \n\nWhen they pick up your stuff they take it to their warehouse and unload it. Then they reload it on to another truck to send it to you. Maybe it would be different if it stayed on the truck and went straight to you.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Waited in a VERY long line for a VERY long time to be given the privelage of paying $30-something a person for food. \n\nIt wasn't shitty, and not the worst buffet I'd ever eaten I'm sure, but for that price plus the Bellagio name I was expecting to be wowed. LIke the kind of wow you feel after really good coitus. \n\nThe salad bar was minimal, and the buffet was overloaded with meat. I know that most people will think that this is where you get your moneys-worth, but even so I love a great big salad at the begging of my meal. It was really shitty small, with two kinds of leafy greens, a couple of cheeses and two or three dressings. Really? \n\nThe meat. Beef wellington--yuck. Lamb--tasted fishy (?). Turkey--dry. Seafood--only idiots eat seafood at a buffet. \n\nThe dessert was the best part, and I really loaded up on these. Much to my chagrin, desserts combined with 10 free Heinekens= projectile vomiting. Not sure if I can blame that on the Bellagio, but I'd say that they have to take come credit for it. \n\nDid anyone else notice how tiny the buffet area was?", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "When we got there we asked to wait on the side by the washroom, we grabbed a drink and a few minutes later we were seated at a counter table beside the kitchen. We had there appetizers and a couple rounds of drinks. Food was pretty good but felt the waitress was rushing us, taking away our food even while we still eating it, twice.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The room and the vibe wasn't bad but I came in for lunch and there were about 10 people in the room. I got the chicken fettucine at lunch and it was gummy. Boo\n\nThey did remake the plate. Hope it's better.\n\nSo upon receiving the remade pasta plate, both the waitress AND I were surprised at the amazing improvement there was. Which had me beg the question: if you knew that the actual dish should (and could) look like what we ended up with,, why on earth would you even send that sub-par  plate of food.\n Makes me a little nervous about this place.\n\nI do, however, like the little outdoor vibe for drinks, so my recommendation is, if you wanna go with some friends after work for a quick after work drink, it might be cute for a bit, but if you want food...it may be good, but it may not be.\nApparently the quality control is a bit iffy.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Couldn't help but feel as though i was watching an episode of jersey shore as the bartender brought out sushi to her friends first, even though they ordered well after us. It was also brought out to only one part of our 3 person party at a time. We couldn't even eat together. It also took over ten minutes and two bartenders to make one glass of water....on a slow sunday afternoon, mind you Not a good sign.  Luckily the sushi is of good/great quality.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Tried this place for the first time tonight. Inside is clean and presentable. I quickly ordered a shawarma wrap and grabbed a seat in one of the 8 booths. \n\nApproximately 10 minutes later, the lady called my order and I grabbed my food. \n\nOpening the shawarma wrap, I immediately realized this wasn't like the wraps I'm use to. It came in a different pita, they didn't ask me what I wanted on it .. but after the first bite, I didn't care much. \n\nIt tasted good.  It wasn't amazing or great, but it satisfied my hunger. \n\nWould I return? Maybe if I am in the area, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come back", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I recently booked this hotel for NYE weekend. Overall, the hotel is nice and modern, and the rooms are spacious. Here are some pros and cons:\n\nPros - \n-Free breakfast buffet from 6:00 am - 9:30am\n-The location of the hotel is close to all the nightlife \n- free early check in\n\nCons -\n- the walls in the room are extremely thin. We heard everything from from the room next door \n- the plumbing in the bathroom was a wreck. We complained to the hotel and they sent maintenance to \"fix\" the issue but was never resolved.\n- during our stay, we had a fire alarm go off. The staff did not do a good job at informing the guests about what was going on and where to go", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Our group was incredibly excited about this, but ended up having a much less than satisfactory experience. Reading one of the other reviews below, we had a similar experience. We were using a tool the way it was supposed to be used, but it wouldn't work. We got a hint telling us how to use the tool and we kept trying, but it still wouldn't work. Finally, about 10 minutes later, an employee came in and switched it with another tool and got us to the next stage because the first tool was 'broken'. That cost us a lot of time and they only gave us a minute back for it.\nOverall, most of the puzzles are cool, but some don't have much logic or flow to them. It would be a fun night if everything had worked correctly, but in the end, we spent $216 ($27 per person) on it and felt like we could have used the money in better ways.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "First off, super delicious burgers, but you'll wait for it.  You'll wait for drinks too, and you bill. \n\nEverything is good but the biggest thing keeping me away is the very slow service.\nI can't seem to get more then 2 drinks anytime I go. My pint glass will sit empty forever! \n\nIt's a combination of lack of staff and the staff being frustrated by it, that translated into the long wait.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Philly burger is great, but service is less than stellar but honestly u blame the cooks in the back.  If the food isn't right there's only so much the server can do. This particular steak and shake is better than the rest.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "We decided to take the family for a special treat on a Sunday afternoon,  6 of us.  Made reservations and we were seated immediately.  Service was great and Big Daddy gave us a great show.  Having eaten at other hibachi's, I can only give Shintos a 2 for food.  Had the Jimmy sushi,  good but over priced.   I didn't care for the beef based soup which was all broth,  no mushrooms or green onions.  Salad with ginger dressing was exceptionally cold, almost frozen.  Had steak and lobster, average.  Probably will not return.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I was recently in Phoenix with my husband for business. Although our hotel had a workout facility, I prefer classes over treadmills. We love our YMCA so I thought I would find a local YMCA near our hotel. Chris town YMCA was the closest and I could visit 5 times for free. I got a copy of their class schedule. Total Body Conditioning was listed! Perfect! At home, this is a 45 class that whips my butt weekly. We work every muscle group plus add cardio and by the time class is over, I am dripping wet. But I've learned that not all YMCA's are alike- nor are the classes- even though they are called the same thing. I realize now that Phoenix is a huge retirement community. I was the youngest by far of anyone in the class. It didn't start on time, it lasted 1 hour and when it was over, I did not need a shower! We did a lot of work on our balance- which is important I suppose in your 70's. I'm not trying to be rude- the people were very friendly and kind. It just wasn't the experience I was expecting. Needless to say, I did not go back. If you are 50 or under, fit and active and looking for a place to work-out while in the area, look elsewhere.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I don't know whose life this is fit for, but it isn't mine! I'm an area with a multitude of great lunch options, this place tends to fall short. \n\nBloor/Yonge lunch places pride themselves on giving you a whole bunch of food for not a lot of money, so it's almost a foreign concept to feel cheated of portions. However, they are very, VERY cheap when it comes to things like toppings. I ordered a turkey club panini, that came with lettuce, tomatoes, and I could count the individual cooked onions they sprinkled on top. I also asked for jalape\u00f1os, and got 3 small slices. I mean, I get it, they can't give me a mountain of food, but having enough toppings to cover most of the surface area of my sammich seems standard, no? Anyhow, I paid for my sandwich, but noticed a fatal flaw: no bacon! So I had to take it back. They were very nice about it and offered to make me a new sandwich. However, new sandwich didn't have those jalape\u00f1os I had originally wanted. This sounds like a \"so what suck it up millennial princess\" moment, but here's the rub: the sandwich had no flavour without them. The turkey, bacon, bread, and veggies all just tasted like cardboard. (I have ordered this sandwich before and remember thinking \"this is decent!\", so maybe it was just an off sandwich).\n\nMy friend orders boxes here and swears by them. Maybe they are a better bet, but with so many options in the area I don't know if I can survive more lunchappointment. That's disappointment in lunch. I made it up, so what?", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "We went here because it claimed to be open all night, but we managed to stumble on the one day they close up early. Which is probably why the server was distracted. The vaunted potato chips were underwhelming (I expected a sauce made with truffle and blue cheese to have more of a bite to it, but maybe I was just overwhelmed by cigarette smoke from the casino). My pasta was tasty, but the portion was small. My companion's pork chop was huge, but on the rare side.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "After reading the 5-star reviews, I was so excited to try this place. We drive by it all the time, so I was hoping we would have a new neighborhood favorite. There are always a lot of cars in the parking lot, so I thought it was a good sign. When we walked in, I realized all the cars belong to the people at the bar. It is a very large bar and was nearly packed with people at 1pm. As we sat down in a booth, we quickly noticed the long looks of the people at the other tables. Someone finally came over to give us a menu and asked the table next to us if they also needed menus too but they said they had been waiting for their food for a long time. They finally got their apps but had to ask for their entrees to go because it was so long of a wait. We finally got our order in and waited and waited and waited. Someone from the bar came out to see how we were and we told her that we were waiting for a long time and my husband needed a refill on his drink. She said she would check on our order and refill the drink, then went behind the bar, put down his cup and asked someone at the bar for his order. She never came back and never went to check on the food. The waitress finally comes back (we're there for 45 minutes at this time) and we ask her to just box up the food because we were getting light headed from the paint fumes. We took the food home and it was just OK. The parmesan fries were pretty good but the onion rings, while a great texture, were way too salty. My BBQ pulled pork was more of a chunks of fatty pork, not pulled but the bun was good. My husband's shrimp po'boy was OK but he didn't think he could taste the shrimp. Good bun, though. I wouldn't recommend Jolie's place for food but maybe you can just go for a beer. We won't be back.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I loved the food here so much I decided to come back twice in one week! I'm a local, so I have the luxury of doing that on a slow day so I picked a Tuesday. Came in and was seated right away and thought I would get excellent service from my meh experience last time, however it was worse.\n\nTruthfully, the food here is phenomenal! Truly. It is some of the best fine dining Western Chinese food I've had. Even the left overs are good. No dessert should be left untried. This low scoring review is strictly front of house. \n\nI'm over paying $500+ and tipping $100+ for a meal here in town with very blah service. I had the same uncouth waiter as last week (the one who suggested how I tip) and he acted like it was the first time in his life he's ever seen us. I get it, I used to be a server in Vegas but you should AT LEAST always remember your seven stars, especially the ones that were here with you earlier in the week. That's part of the casino/player experience. Who cares though? I don't mind he didn't remember us but I am questioning how they ring up things at this restaurant. When you order a fried rice, they charge you for two portions even though you only want one. Just make the starting price at two portions then? Stupid but I can get over that too. Ordered two baileys and decaf and they were $40 (tax included). Yes, you read that right. Apparently, you get charged $12 for each baileys and then they charge you for the coffee as well which came out in small mug so it was mostly baileys. I wonder if you order a captain and coke if you have to pay for the captain and then also the coke? We used a players comp to pay for our meal but it could be considerate if they would at least inform us if you go over. That's common sense to me even though we don't mind paying the difference. It's the little things that make your consumer feel as if you're not getting robbed. To wrap it up, we had several complaints going on in a not so busy night and the manager couldn't be bothered to come over and address our table himself. Just playing telephone with the wait staff. Your front of house needs help and they say it all trickles from the top. It shows!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I have stopped at Salud Juicery twice now. Both smoothies I got were good but nothing overly exciting. I've gotten the Green Anna Bread smoothie & the Racers Edge smoothie. I loved the Green Anna Bread, would definitely get again & the Racers Edge was ok but would not really bother getting a second time. My husband ordered the Jungle VIP which was really good & the Toned Yogi which neither of us liked.\nIt's great that they have a lot of different options from smoothies to juices to coffee. You're guaranteed to find something here you like. It's also nice that they give you the choice of 2 different size drinks. I think the larger size is reasonably priced for the size of the drink. They also do offer a stamp card, which is always nice. \nI love that more juice bars are opening up around town. I want them all to thrive, we need more healthy choices in the city..you really can't have too many options. \nWill definitely be going back to try some more drinks. And would definitely recommend checking them out.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "One step above a hole in the wall buffet place.  Food was edible.  Very bland, service was very un-attentive and my egg roll was soggy to boot.  I'll take my money elsewhere.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "First time at DC and was very disappointed. We were there at 4pm when they opened, second table to be seated. We waited 25 mins for our salad to be served, and the lettuce was brown. For just opening, lettuce should have been fresh. Then we waited another 30 mins for our entrees. Steak was decent, nothing to write home about. Potato was pretty blah. Definitely not worth the money. Then found out on our bill that choosing a cesar side salad instead of mixed greens is additional $4/salad. Ridiculous. Waiter should have told us that. Not the worst place I've ever eaten, but way too many other great steakhouses in phoenix metro area to ever have to go back to DC's.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "What a disappointment. First, from the name we assumed there would be more beers on tap, or that the difference would at least be clear. We were surprised when our beer showed up in a can and an overly chilled pint glass. \n\nWell, ok. We made an assumption so I guess that was on us. Unfortunately things didn't really improve. Our waitress had very few suggestions for us on the food, so we made our own guesses and went with the green pork stew and the chilaquiles. These were the only high point of the evening. Both were tasty and rich and presented beautifully other than my tortillas being a bit soggy.\n\nOnce we were done we sat and waited for another good 15 minutes before our waitress returned. We realized we hadn't seen her at all since right after the food was delivered, so no idea where she went. Other employees passed our table repeatedly  but didn't offer to clear the table. It gave me time to look at the decor (nice) and count the many security cameras (6, that I could see).\n\nWhen our waitress finally reappeared, chatting with someone from the nearby wine store, we were closed out quickly. There were five employees all milling about the center of the place near the POS screen and they all continued the tradition of ignoring us that had been the case all evening. Not a single Thanks, Goodbye, or even a Good Riddance. It was like they just didn't care.\n\nWe won't be back.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Wanted to stop somewhere for a quick bite before a show last night.  First choice had a huge line waiting to get in (place just opened), so I continued down the strip and ended up at 800 Degrees.\n\nReally cool concept, you walk in, and there's a guy working the pizza dough (all pies are same size, 12\").  When he's finished, your dough moves to the next station: sauce, cheese, the basics.  Then if you'd like to add any more ingredients you can for $1.50 each.  I chose the basic Margherita pizza, reasonably priced @ under $8.  Move down the line, pay for your order, and your pie goes into the 800+ degree oven.  It's cooked in a couple minutes, and your ready to eat.\n\nAt first I was kinda disappointed when I picked up the first slice and all the toppings slid off.  However, upon further investigation (there's a brochure right by the entrance), I learned that you're supposed to eat this type of pie with a knife & fork, I guess that's \"Neopolitan\" style.   Once I armed myself with the proper utensils, it was a much better experience.  The pizza was a little soggier than I would like, but it did have a nice flavor, the crust was great.  It did get cold a bit quicker than expected, however.  My last couple slices were at room temperature by the time I finished.\n\nOverall, I'd say this place is a decent value, especially for a strip eatery.  Definitely better than a Sbarro, or other franchise place. However, as a LV local, I'll probably stick to my neighborhood joints in the future.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "We made the mistake of going out for brunch at 2 pm, which seems to be the a no-no in Charlotte. So I see this sign that says \"breakfast served ALL day\" and I figured out perfect!\n\nOur first visit there (and last) I'm trying to figure out the menu. I ask the waitress \"it says here all scrambled eggs\" can I have sunny side up instead?\". She says \"Of course, anyway you want them other than hardboiled!\"\n\nFive minutes later I decide to order the \"dawn breaker\" special with fried eggs, the waitress says\"no that one is only available with scrambled eggs and you HAVE TO hurry up because the kitchen closes at 2:30\"\n\n\"someone could have let us know before they sat us down, outside it says ALL day\"  she answers \"but it doesn't say dinner!\"  Good move dummy trying to win an argument with the client. I tell her ok but I want the eggs lightly scrambled not well done.\n\nAnd of course I got scrambled eggs so overcooked they were hard enough to be hard boiled, and the bacon was MIA from the plate and the country potatoes were frozen. The reason I gave them 2 stars instead of 1 is because when I told the waitress that no, the food was not good she got the manager who came over, inquired and adjusted the bill. It still came to $11 for a salad and two coffees but I was not in the mood to go over the bill.\n\nWhen I stepped outside there were several dark grey streaks of grease from the seat on the back of my left calf, luckily I was wearing shorts. WTH that really takes the cherry.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I will start off by saying I am visiting from out of town. I am a native Californian who is accustomed to authentic Mexican food. After looking through various Yelp reviews, we decided to dine at this restaurant. The food was not what I consider Mexican cuisine. It became somewhat apparent when the kid meals sides included French fries instead of the typical rice and beans. I ordered the barbacoa plate. The tortillas were hardened and the meat was chewy. In addition, the tableside guacamole was bland. \n\nTo be fair, I will mention that the chips and salsa were great and I also enjoyed the ambiance. However, I would not consider dining there in future visits.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "the ladies that took my order were nice. i ordered a blackened chicken sandwich and side salad with two ranches. i got one ranch, and the side salad was sooo basic. the blackened chicken was good, but the bacon i ordered on my sandwich was all fat pretty much. i had forgot to order cheese on my sandwich so i asked the ladies for a piece of cheese. they rang me up for it (which i understand) then it took literally 10 minutes for them to hand me the cheese. my food was cold by the time i got the cheese so i just didn't use it. my sandwich came in  a paper basket and i kept getting paper in my mouth cause it was wet from my sandwich. the lady checked on us once to ask if we want refills but that was when we were done eating. i'm really not trying to sound too rude, this place has a lot of potential - step up your flavor in the food and try a little harder. or hire someone else to help out.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Wow.   Ordered take out from here 2 weeks ago and it was awesome.   Dined in 1 week ago and again was great.   Unfortunately stopped in last Friday and was really disappointed.   The fresh spring rolls we got 2 weeks ago had changed completely.    Looked like they took Giant Eagle salad bag to use inside and a piece of tasteless chicken on the bottom.    One of our party had a hair in his food.   They were nice enough to replace the meal but no concern.    When asked about our experience I explained my disappointment.   Response was 'Hopefully next time you come it will be better experience'.    Sorry, first 2 experiences were awesome.   What could have possibly gone wrong so quickly.   Like a completely different place.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I dont know i liked ube milk shake but i dont know whats special about this except decor i liked how they decor the drink also my friend tried the most poppular drink manggo something it was yuk we just throw our drink away", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "this place is good but go through staff turnover all the time . I am starting not to trust this place at all they cant even keep us with their staff and keeping them happy . \nthey change staff all the time .  they recently let go of another fantastic associate her name was Joanne ( such a lovely, honest lady ) I feel this has to do with management !!\none manger there, her name is Bonnie extremely pushy (markvill mall location)(MCCOWAN & HWAY7)\nshe is not welcoming or pleasant at all , I never want to deal with her my family and I are VIP members , this lady makes us very uncomfortable. WHEN SHE IS AROUND I THINK THE STAFF ARE VERY UNCOMFORATBLE AS WELL , YOU CAN SEE IT IN THEIR BEHAVIOUR \nmost of the staff that I always got honest opinion from already left - one of them was Joanne I found out today she was let go !!\nthis is the third staff I dealt with that has left the company, in my opinion manager is to blame (BONNIE) SHE IS NOT FRIENDLY AT ALL TO CUSTOMERS HOW COULD SHE BE GOOD TO HER STAFF !!! few times she just jumped in when staff were trying to help me with a chain and forced her opinion and pushed to make a sell made the staff (Joanne) and me very uncomfortable . \nI love the collections there but I also need to get good customer service ! AND BE ABLE TO TRUST A BUSINESS \nthis is the third employee they let go that I trusted and valued their opinion . \nVERY DISSAPOINTE.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Would have been good, but something seemed to be missing............ flavor! Service was quick and the staff was friendly", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "My wife and I had a reservation here before an event across the street at Heinz Hall. The temperature outside was only around zero, so it was nice to be able to have dinner and then only have to walk across the street afterwards.\n\nThe restaurant was cramped. We were seated at a table for two which was lined up with four other similar tables along one wall. A little too cozy. Our waitress was efficient, but she had a lot of tables and was woodenly business-like.\n\nMy wife's salmon was good, but the beef tips in my pasta special were barely edible (fatty & gristly). Our bill was a whopping $125 before the tip.\n\nWe will not go back to Bravo Franco (but we'll be back to Heinz Hall - we saw a remastered \"Casablanca\" while the Pittsburgh Symphony played the musical score -- a real \"Wow\"!)", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Food was acceptable but service was lousy.   We've always loved Mortons for both great food and amazing service.   Very disappointing.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Came to the hash house on a recommendation from a local. I got the bacon, avocado burger and it was good. Not great, good. My husband got the corned beef and it was pretty tastless, my son got the chicken and bacon waffle and the chicken had good flavor, I wasn't impressed with the waffle. My mother in law had the apple cinnamon waffle and the slices of apple were impressive but there was no cinnamon taste. The food was way over priced but that's what you get when you eat in touristy Vegas, The waitress seemed overwhelmed. She spilled juice on my mother in law and then apologized and turned away, she wasn't on point and we ended up getting more help from the busboy.......", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The \"flautas\" are nothing to write home about. They were all over fried tortilla, really just a chubby taquito and I wish I would have got a burrito. They do have a salsa bar though, thumbs up for that and it was clean, well maintained. You're better off going another block down the street and on the North side of the road by Arby's is a little Taco shop called \"Tacos Tijuana\"... Much better choice, they have the best Al Pastor/Adobada tacos with the tastiest dressing.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "This place has a great lounge area to wait in, I was impressed! The portions are huge and prices are reasonable! The food wasn't anything to write home about. I ordered a Philly cheesesteak and the meat reminded me of Arby's roast beef *yuck* I was not impressed with the food at all. The omelet was very bland and lacked seasoning! Definitely won't be returning for food but maybe I'll visit the lounge!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The nail tech did a good job on my pedi but the water was too hot , there isn't a lot of nail polish choices", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I almost never leave reviews but I felt compelled in this case, as the former operators were significantly better. I don't know what Sgt Clean changed in their drive thru wash, but in the two times I've been here, my car comes out with significant chemical streaks down the doors and fenders. I had to hose my car off and re-wash the door panels and hatch when I got home. Definitely not worth the $15 that I paid and I never had this problem with the old line.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "This was my first time at Thai Gourmet, and after seeing the 4 star reviews, I was intrigued to try it! I must say, the atmosphere was warm and inviting. That being said the food was off key for me. I am a huge lover of thai food, and quite honestly not that particular with what I get. I have a few go to favs, chicken tom yum soup being at the top of the list. The soup here was overly salty, not overly tangy because I do love that. It tasted like a huge handful of salt was accidentally (or maybe not) added to it and made it difficult to finish it through. Not to mention the chicken tasted rather old and not fresh what so ever which was a HUGE downfall. I did also try the chicken satay, and I will say this was crispy and cooked well, tasted fresh, and had good dipping sauces along side it. I don't know if it was just a bad batch of chicken in the soup or what, but it was not good.\n\nFor my entree, I got the mala string green beans with shrimp added to it. Both tasted like they had been sitting in the freezer for too long, and not fresh at all and it really ruined the meal for me. And for an extra $4.00 for added shrimp that tasted frozen and not fresh?!? That is absurd. \n\nThe service was also okay. Our waitress was nice and tended well to us but definately looked like she was ready for us to be out of there so she can get home. I can't blame her cuz it was towards the end of the day, but I do have to say it turned me off a little. Because of this, and the nice atmosphere, I gave it 2 stars. It was the food that made it take more of a hit.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Food would've been good if it hadn't been cold. Waited 25 minutes for ten tacos, and the place was pretty slow. They cared more about talking to their coworkers than serving food. I guess we shouldn't have sat on the patio but it's a nice place to chill and people watch.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Chipotle is know for it's huge burritos.  The one I just got here was the smallest Chipotle burrito I have ever seen, and when I mentioned it's sub-compact size to the cashier, she blew me off.\n\nThe Twinsburg Chipotle is very clean, the staff is friendly and it's conveniently located.  But, if you're hungry, I suggest you head to the one in Hudson or Northfield.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I was really excited about eating here since I read so many great reviews here on Yelp about the place, but after going there, I would have to that I am disappointed and there's nothing great about the food that would make me want to come back again.  \n\nThe service was really lousy.  We were the only family here eating and it was so slow, they didn't refill our drinks, and it seemed like they forgot there was even a family that had ordered.  The family or workers were just like hanging out and we were hungry.\n\nWe know what good Chinese food is because we are Chinese, immigrated and first generation here and have had plenty of authentic, delicious Chinese food.  Being that I thought this was northern Chinese food, I would say it doesn't even come close to tasting anything like that in the Silicon Valley or Southern CA area.\n\nI've been longing for a place that has good Northern Chinese food, but the restaurants we used to go to, a couple in the valley, went out of business.  So, right now, the only place to possibly satisfy my northern food taste is to go to CA or maybe to Las Vegas.\n\nI guess I also didn't expect great service being that it was Chinese catering to Chinese, but even for me, is was below subpar.  The food and service isn't enough for me to come back again.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "32 Shea is not the place for large parties.  Went with a group of 10 people.  Was very excited based on the menu.  The location is not the best, but once you are inside, you can't even tell you are in the middle of an old strip shopping center on 32nd street.  It was very nice on the patio and had a great ambience.  When we arrived, the hostess was rude and kept walking by us with a scowl on her face.  Took quite a while for them to get a table together and even then it was too small.  Luckily, most people were sharing food so we had enough room.  The waitress was impatient and forgot to bring one drink (which we later had to have removed from the bill).  I ordered a tuna salad with house made blue cheese dressing.  It was very good.  One of our group ordered a delicious coffee drink and another ordered the moscow mule and said it was great.  One person went to the bar for a margarita and it literally took 20 minutes.  She did like the drink and said it was the strongest she ever had.  When it came time to pay, the waitress said she could not do separate checks and even asked the owner, who also said no, not for big groups.  Would have been nice to know when we sat down.   I asked if there was an ATM and she said no.  I asked if there was one in the shopping center nearby and she said she had no idea.  Instead of giving us any options she simply walked away.  About 10 minutes later, we learned from the owner that while they would not do separate checks, they would allow multiple credit cards.  Again, just tell us and there is no problem.  I really want to try some of their signature cocktails, so I may go back.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I really really really wanted to like this place, especially since I love the Canter's in Los Angeles.  But, I just couldn't.   The matzo ball soup is slightly above dish water.  The soup is really week and they try to make it look like more than it is by adding a ton of cooked carrots to it.   Adding some actual chicken to the chicken broth would help.  Even adding chicken seasoning would help.  \n\nMy wife and I ate their last week and the service was really lacking.  I know they recently opened, but after several weeks, I'd expect them to have their act together, especially for the high prices they charge.  So, the best I could possibly offer is a \"meh.\"   \n\nFor a real good Jewish deli, I'll go back to the Bagel Cafe, even though it's very much out of my way.  The food is worth it!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "My review is only for brunch so I really hope dinner here is a lot better. I gave this place three tries thinking maybe the first time (and second) were a fluke. This was recommending by some friends and I thought it would be a lot better. The food that I've gotten for brunch has been bland and lackluster. The last time I went was over 4th of July, I had the Chorizo Breakfast Mac 'n Cheese and it was nothing special and not really cheesy. In fact, I was asking myself where the Chorizo was.... \nThe only reason I gave Cafe Hollander two stars and not one was because it has a great beer selection and their cheese curds were pretty great. If they could incorporate the dipping sauce into more place that they use for the cheese curds, they might convince me to give them another try. Very cool atmosphere but I'd only go back for a beer and skip the food.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Great ambiance but quite slow service. We waited about 65 minutes for our sushi to finally arrive when the place wasn't even full on a weekday. Sushi & Sashimi combo isn't bad but not the best choice of fish.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "We've been going here for a few months. The first few visits were good. Then the quality of cuts went down ie spots of long hair, not cut around the face and tail. As the quality of cut went down there prices went up. They will not have my business anymore.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Came here after work to get my car repaired.\n\nI told the mechanic my driver side axle was broken. he told me the axle was fine and said he could do a diagnostic for 50 bucks, but that would come off the cost of the axle.\n\nhe drove around for 15 minutes and with the help of another mechanic.. diagnosed that it was, in fact, my axle. Quoted me 300 for a Nissan Murano axle. I told him brakes plus did it for 200 (read my review on brakes plus for my experience after this one), he didn't believe me,  saying that he had the best prices in town and he would match Brakes Plus. We called up Brakes Plus on speaker- and they quoted me 200. he was angry, lied and said he couldn't do it for 200 any more. He wanted the diagnostic money, but I told him they had incorrectly told me it wasn't my axle when I walked in, so he shouldn't charge me up front. He was cool with that, so I drove off.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I picked this restaurant because of great reviews. I was very dissapointed. Received spoiled appetizer (crab with grapefruit), waitress with no hesitation offered a different one. Brought tampanadas that also had a wierd taste ,like old oil or something. Main dish was pretty good (shrimp with scallops). Desert was the best dolce Leche cake with fresh fruit. Service good but food not so much.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I've been to Bonfyre two times.  The design of the restaurant is gorgeous.  My first visit, I brought out-of-town guests expecting a pleasant ambiance and delicious food.  Both visits, the food tasted like frozen lean cuisine.  It was barely edible.  Both times I ordered a pasta dish.  My guests ordered meat and said it was also devoid of appreciable flavor.\n\nThe redeeming factors were the service and the decor.  \n\nUltimately, I was disappointed to have taken my out-of-town guests to Bonfyre when there are so many great restaurants in the Madison area.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "There is a nice selection of original items for babies, plenty of maternity wear and nursing bras- though very pricey.\nThe snacks such as banana bread and carrot bread were fine but nothing special. The ingredients are not written on the packaging -  so not great for those with allergies. \nThe play areas for babies and toddlers looked as though they had not been cleaned in a while which was probably the biggest turn off. \n\nOverall it seems as though there is potential but it is not a place I would return to anytime soon, nor would I recommend it just yet.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I am a big fan of Triple D. Guy seems an awesome dude. Big personality. Love that. My fault for assuming this place will be a reflection of his personality. Didn't get that at all. Service was nice. Food was mediocre at best. The supposed to be triple T fries for $14 were worth 5 at most. Nothing special. Wings didn't have any kick. not going back", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "My first poutine.  Quite possibly, my last poutine.\n\nWas vacationing in Montreal and this place was the nearest in walking distance that advertised serving poutine.  The two hotdog meal with the bowl of poutine looked alright.  We ordered 3 (1 each).\n\nHotdogs were sub-mediocre.  I'd rather eat packaged hotdogs cooked on a skillet at home.  That's not a good sign.  The toppings on the hotdogs which included some pickled vegetables (a kind of saurkraut) was a bit funky.  I recommend these only if you're either high or starving.  Our excuse was the latter.\n\nThe poutine was also very blah.  I didn't imagine the fries to be so soggy and burnt.  And when they are in that condition, the gravy just helps form a mortar-like paste so that you have to dig and dig with your fork to break it all apart.  Make a note of this:  You cannot use that fork in your esophagus, so eat wisely.  I have a feeling that if I ate any more of this stuff that a Cardiac surgeon would need to jab a fork into my aorta.\n\nWe came here because it was convenient, and we wanted to see what all the kids ate when on a budget.  The expectations weren't very high, but we had a meal.  It was, a meal.  Plain and simple.  I kind of didn't want to eat for the next day and I'm just thankful that I didn't order some of the more exotic abominations on the menu (such as that giant family-sized plate of poutine).\n\nIt's cheap, but you get what you pay for here.  Poo-tine.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "They changed the menu since I was here last. The Phad Thai was not as good as I remember. My mom ordered the eggplant with chicken, it was okay, she said she would not order it again. My husband ordered the Beef Green Curry extra \"Thai hot\". It was very hot, however they skimped on the amount of Beef in the dish. It should be called a Vegetable green curry with a Beef garnish.\n\nThere were only two servers for the whole dining area, they were overwhelmed due to a large group of 15 people, the service was slower than usual.\n\nThe place is cheap and clean. I'd recommend the satay chicken for an appetizer. \nOverall it's an okay place...it's the Thai food restaurant in Sun City. I'd miss the old Line Thai, maybe they got a new cook?", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "When I went into the store the first time, the sales associate was friendly, helpful, the store was clean and organized. I ordered the Adel desk, it came a week later to the store where I went to pick it up. When I went to go pick it up, the man brought out the giant boxes containing the desk from the storage room. I am a petit young woman, but assumed that I would be fine carrying everything to my car with the help of the staff. But I guess that's where their services end because after that they just handed me a fridge cart and the only help offered was to open the door as I struggled to wheel out a box that was twice my weight in the rain by myself as 5 sales associates stood around and watched. Then when I finally got home and brought it into my place and tried to assemble it, one of the pieces was too short causing there to be a noticeable gap. I wasn't about to lug it back to the store after the ordeal I just had getting it to my place, so I managed to force it together with some help. All in all, I am a bit dissapointed with my experience.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "We stopped in for a quick bite before an appointment. Unfortunately that ended up our undoing. We had a lovely meal but it was served with a marked lack of enthusiasm on a very different timeline than ours. Hubby had an omelette that he said was absolutely delicious. I opted for an overpriced novelty drink and small side order of French fries. The menu looked promising. As a point of reference, check for the omelette, fries and my novelty drink without tip was $45.  With so many options around the hotel and the strip this wouldn't be my first choice especially if time is an issue.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "For the money I expected more. Food was ok, nothing to ooooh and awww over. Service wasn't great, more like a diner and not what I would expect in fine dining. Ali gratin potatoes were undercooked and my steak was also underdone, but my husband's was over done. The decor was very nice in the front rooms but we were seated in the back overflow room with none of the nice features. Overall it was just ok and I wouldn't go back.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I haven't been here in a while because eating here was like highway robbery.  Most of my family lives on the West Coast where the frozen yogurt craze started.  There's a system that is exactly the same at each yogurt store and no one differentiates from it.  Because it works.  Customers get their cup, pick their yogurt, scoop on their own toppings and pay per weight.  Usually you can get a decent sized cup with more than enough toppings for about 3-4 bucks.  \nI don't think I've walked out of Spoon Me spending less than 5 bucks after all was said and done.  Unless I want a small yogurt with no toppings.  Everything is ala carte.  Toppings..extra.  Fresh fruit...even more.   \nThe yogurt tastes pretty good and I know it's not bad for you but with more and more yogurt places opening around here I probably won't take time out to stop.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I wish I could say what the others say, but while Stacy is clearly good with straight hair (as the photos show, that's most of her work), she's not as good with curly hair.  She knows a lot about hair cutting but hair does not always follow the rules and hair on different parts of the same head may curly differently or not at all.  I went back to get my haircut adjusted and she did more cutting, but my hair still sticks out at the bottom and the slant in the back is much less than I asked for.  She seemed rushed and annoyed with my request to re-cut my hair and when I indicated how I would like it, she argued with me and did what she wanted to do.  If you have curly hair, you already know how hard it is to find a good hairdresser.  I'd hoped Stacy would be that person, but this did not work out.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Reading all reviews made me so excited , but ... I liked the place and the food was ok although I think it was a bit pricey compared to other Mexican restaurants with the same vibe . \nBut it wasn't what I was hoping for , I don't know maybe I'm more used to the Americanized version of Mexican food .", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "We ordered. We ate. We tipped and than we dipped. Nothing more to say. This is a chillis in Tempe....good luck!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "If you need a place to stay in Vegas, this fits the bill.   It's an older building that has it's glory years behind it.   If you are just looking for a place to sleep a few hours here and there, this is nice.   If you are looking for a room in which you can relax and just rest up, this is not the place for you.   The prices are fair, but the place is getting old.   Expect to take the stairs and the old elevator system just can't keep up with the current demands.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "It, like many buffets started out some promising and then just kind of started to decline.\n\nI will say it is not horrible food and the hibachi and sushi kind of help to off set the the rest of the menu.\n\nService is great and the folks are nice.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The owner didn't seem very enthusatic as an person. He showed a little confident in his food but when I actually got to taste it and try it. I didn't agree with him. I ordered the chicken parmigiana  sub as an take out. it didn't wow me at all. Super thick bread and bland chicken and sauce. For an establishment that tries to seem like an hole in the wall Italian restaurant I wasn't convinced at all. Even though I never tried the pizza or anything else. But first impressions are everything to me. Nice try but new energy and food is needed.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "A bit disappointed in this weekend's visit. I've eaten at NNY for quite a few years, and after an afternoon of furniture shopping, and surrounded by the bit \"Mall\" restaurants, I was pleased to see NNY, so my wife and I went in. We sat ourselves and a waitress came by a few minutes later to see if we had been helped. \n\nShe didn't know what beer they had on draft, odd, since half of what you sell is probably beer, and when my wife asked a question about a mixed drink she wasn't sure. I ordered the House Calzone, sausage, pepperoni, ricotta, mozzarella, and marinara sauce. My wife ordered the apple walnut salad with chicken on top and the dressing on the side.\n\nThe waitress came by to see if we wanted another drink. The blue drink my wife ordered was too sweet for her to drink another, so the waitress suggested the green drink on the opposite page. (East and West Coast, but I can't recall which was which.) The green one has sweet and sour mix in it, which gives my wife indigestion when it's the main component of something like a margarita, so she asked the waitress how much sweet and sour was in there. She didn't know, and headed off to the bar to find out.\n\nThe manager showed up with the food shortly after that and we asked her. She said they could leave the sweet and sour out, so my wife said that would be fine. She asked if there was any dressing, as it was supposed to be on the side. The kitchen had tossed it in with the salad. It was a very light vinaigrette, so she was okay with it. The manager left to put in the drink order and my wife noticed that her salad was missing chicken. She's watching me eat my calzone, attempting to get the attention of the waitress. She finally came over and threw the cooks under the bus: \"I put the order in right, they messed it up.\" She went to get the chicken. And my wife watched me eat.\n\nFor a pizza and wings place, the calzone was marginal. It didn't seem to have very much in it. I didn't detect any ricotta cheese, but was surprised by a lot of diced green peppers, which are supposed to go in the veggie calzone. Not my favorite, but I ate them. While my wife watched. Eventually, her green drink came, as did a plate of sliced chicken breasts, which appeared to be straight from the microwave. Although they appeared to have grill marks, it didn't taste like they had been anywhere near a grill. My wife said it tasted like boiled chicken, unseasoned, and totally unpleasant on the salad. We go to Oregano's a lot, and their chicken marinade complements the flavor of the salad. This seemed like an afterthought.\n\nThen manager was very gracious about the whole thing. She took my wife's salad off the bill, as well as one of my beers.\n\nI might go back if we're in that area in a few months, just to see if it's improved. If so, I'll probably stick to the wings.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Very cute spot with vintage decoration and great service but the ice cream tastes store bought. I think if you're going to charge $3.50 for a scoop, it should be freshly made in your large kitchen. I don't see this place lasting very long unless quality control is stepped up.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Chicken fried steak was to salty.  Texas breakfast didn't have much chorizo in it and kneaded more flavor.  Orange juice did not taste like it stated as fresh squeezed orange juice.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Meh.\n\nI stopped in here to enjoy some sweets and drinks for someones 30th birthday.\nTruth. The drinks are very tasty! As are the desserts. I was actually surprised at how big mine was! Location is nice too\n\nWould I make it a point to go back? Nope. Not at all. Here's why...\nI understand this is Vegas, and DJ club music is all around, but why do I have to hear it at almost deafening levels in the dining room? Additionally, it's fairly dark in there too. I guess that adds to the, 'ambiance.' \n\nService was very slow. Not to mention the server didn't look like he enjoyed his job. He was not friendly, didn't stop by much, and just didn't seem to care. It's not like the place was even full. The desserts and drinks were slow to come out as well. It was an hour and a half ordeal to order and receive two drinks, two desserts, and pay.\n\nThe upcharges. What? I have to pay for water? We're in the middle of the desert, in summer, and I have to pay you 2$ for water? (which im fairly certain is tap water) Per person. F that. If it wasn't for the Birthday (and the fact I had a red-eye flight 3 hours later), I would have ditched.\n\nIf you want to stop here to check the place out. Ok, sure. I wouldn't waste my money here again though. It's better spent elsewhere.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The food tastes good, but over the 20 times I've been here, the service is lacking and I've seen cleaner bathrooms at coachella.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I have heard amazing things about this restaurant.  Not sure why everyone loves it so much.  The service was just okay (not horrible) not something you'd expect from a 5 star restaurant.  The biggest let down of all was having to settle for a regular bone in ribeye when I went for the signature dish (the one in all the marketing) 44oz bone in ribeye served on a bed of lobster Mac and cheese.  I was told they were sold out shocking as the restaurant was empty and it was only 6:00.  Skip this place there are many amazing places to eat in Las Vegas!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The overall experience was lower than I rated it because I have been here before and it was a great experience. On this visit, It took over an hour and 20 minutes to get our food! Half of our groups food was cold. The entire dinner took over 2 hours.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Just average for dinner on a thursday.  People were great food was not. More along the line of a 10.00 buffet. We used a coupon from my vegas so it was buy one get one free.  Wont be back :(", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "not that impressed. I really wanted pancakes from ihop but my boyfriend's mom wanted to come here, so had no say. They had 3 pancake selections to choose from - I ordered the lemon poppy seed and wasn't too impressed and the pancake texture was kinda cardboardy. I also wanted a side of hashbrowns, but their hashbrowns are actually potatoes, so that was another disappointment. I also ordered lemondae which tasted pretty weird and watered down. Only food I find impressive here is their bran muffin - it is very tasty with butter. The restaurant itself is nice and clean and nice service, but I am definitely not a fan of their food.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The place itself is nice, service OK. Their garlic knots are pretty good but pasta not and pizza blah. I find their food dry and tasteless. The only was I would choose their food is if it was for free and even then that is a maybe.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I'm honestly confused. I don't understand how this place has 4 stars. The ingredients were very fresh, which I was very happy about. However, completely flavorless. I ordered the chicken naked burrito. The guacamole didn't taste like much, rice was bland, chicken lacked flavor. Very disappointing :(", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I made reservations for a group of 15 through OpenTable and it was the easiest reservation I made for the trip.  The decor is nice and the location convenient.\n\nMy food was completely blah.  I had the fried macaroni appetizer which was absolutely tasteless and a side caesar salad which I did not care for.  My fiance and I split the Gummy Bear dry ice cocktail.  It was tasty but half of the goblet was full of ice, which I wasn't expecting for a $36 drink.\n\nIt was okay, but there are far, far better places to eat/drink on the strip.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Sadly disappointed based on the Yelp reviews I read. In Charlotte for the summer and decided to try when my girlfriend came into town. Did brunch on Sunday afternoon. We arrive, restaurant is half empty and are sat immediately. Sitting there, just sitting there. Hostess realizes we could use water, then realizes we don't even have a place setting and she was the one who sat us there. Anyways, we wait for a good 8-10 minutes without any contact from our waiter, only an apology from the hostess. Finally waiter shows up, doesn't seem that interested  and just asks for our order. As a former waiter I was mildly annoyed by this since its usually best to greet the customer, ask if they any questions and make good suggestions. My girlfriend goes with cinnamon rolls/bacon and I end up with the B&G Steak and Eggs with a Bloody Mary and coffee. We wait, we wait some more. OUR FOOD ARRIVES BEFORE OUR DRINKS? Then our waiter finally delivers drinks and makes blunder after blunder after blunder. I seriously don't know what this guy's deal was.\n\nThe food: Mine was excellent. Steak was perfect (asked for rare, got rare) and the cornmeal pancakes were an amazing addition. Blood Mary almost tasted sweet? Wasn't a fan. My girlfriend's sweet roll was tasty and gourmet tasting but DRY, DRY, DRY. Moral of the story: dropped $60 on non-bottomless brunch for an unusually poor dining experience. I think that was the first time in my life I tipped 12%. Won't be back.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Food was ok but the service sucked!! We had to flag down the staff on more than one occasion once to order and once to pay. Both of our entrees were alright, nothing to brag about. It has a nice patio.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Overrated is the first word that comes to mind when I think back to my recent meal at Primanti Bros. For the record, this has been hyped up for some time, and it was my first Primanti Bros experience. Honestly I thought the wings were more enjoyable than the sandwich, which was just ok.\n\nI did appreciate that the slaw on top was vinegar based instead of mayo based, which reminded me a bit in flavor of sauerkraut, which would tie back to some German Pennsylvania roots. That aside, the sandwich otherwise was eh. It satisfied but didn't really do much to impress.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "We found the pizza mediocre and ate only 2 slices. The waitress gave us credit for it, so we have to thank them. The Chicken Parm was okay. Nothing special there.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Food was just ok...took 25 minutes to get the Traditional breakfast. Nothing over the top, could get the same or better at any diner. Waitress was nice, but over tasked with all of the tables. Got the complimentary scones about 5 minutes before the food. No need to ever return when in Charlotte!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The place looks very run down. In fact I would have never come in if it wasn't for the fact someone else brought me. As a matter of fact I have been by this place 100's of time and never looked twice. Speaking of I bet they loose a lot of business from folks like me who pass by and don't look twice. Once you are in the inside looks just as bad as outside. However, prices are reasonable, service is always friendly and food is fresh. I have been back several times since my first time and I am sure I will be back some more in the future. You might want to check your glass though as mines had lipstick on it once! Ewwww", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "For starters, the Calamari was amazing. After eating the Calamari, I was thinking the steaks would probably taste as good as the Calamari. After getting the meal looking at my food it looked pretty good. Then I took a bite the steak was tough and very chewy. Also the steak left a weird after taste. The fried were okay. For sure not the best, left a weird after taste that tasted like play-doe. Overall, the food was okay, reminded me of Apple-Bees.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "This place gets 2 stars because the food wasn't as bad as the service and to me that's pretty important to an overall good experience. Ordered two types of pizza, came in a timely fashion and everything was going great until I found some type of plastic half way through the meal....big disappointment. I should have gotten up and left but the waitress was nice and said they would come the whole meal and get me a new pizza. After waiting for the new pizza, already losing my appetite, I ate a slice and got the rest to go.  Before the check arrives the manager come to our table (I thought just to apologize about the food) and says he's sorry but the waitress miss spoke and only that pizza was getting comped. Talk about failed opportunity to fix a fault. Big slap in the face. It would take a bit to get me to want to return.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "This used to be my favorite Mexican restaurant in the EV now it's a great shame. Menu has changed slightly but the quality is on serious decline!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I came here for lunch on a weekday and ordered: chicken congee ($5.99) and clam fried noodles ($8.99). These were lunch combos so each came with a drink (typical choice of milk tea, lemon water/tea). The price at this place is very wallet friendly and has comfortable seating!\n\nHowever, I gave this place a two star due to the long wait for the food and the taste/quality. The clam fried noodles had absolutely no taste, and the clams were slightly undercooked with a strong saltwater taste. The congee was extremely thick (almost gloopy). The chicken was cut into large pieces with their bones - this might be a personal preference since I don't like finding small bone pieces in my congee. \n\nAll in all, would I come back? Probably not...", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I was so excited for this place to open and was extremely disappointed when we finally visited. The line went to the door but we didn't wait too long to order. The restaurant was very loud and was a little messy. It was difficult to find a clean table. I just figured it was due to how busy it was. \nMy husband ordered the double crust so I chose the original thin crust pizza. I also ordered a side Caesar salad. The ordering process was not very organized to begin with. They took your order and wrote your name on the paper that the pizza crust was placed on. After tells the next person what you wanted on your pizza, it was ready to go in the oven and you proceed to pay. We paid, got our drinks and found a place to sit and wait.  They call out your name when your pizza comes out which adds to the loud atmosphere and on top of it they seem to struggle to read the names they have written down as many of the papers get burned while baking and erases the name. Finally, after my husband and I received both pizzas we tried it. I was so disappointed in the taste of the sauce! It tasted like canned tomato sauce and the crust was extremely thin and looked like it was precooked. My husbands pizza was kept longer because of the double crust and you could see by the burnt paper underneath that it was in the oven a while yet his cheese wasn't even melted!\nThis pizza was NOT good at all! Great concept (although it's not so new anymore) but not good. Save your money and don't try the new place--- go to Pizza Kitchen on Fort Apache instead. They are fantastic!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I've been a member for almost a year.  Price is ok, not the best in the city, but location is why I go here.\nThe 6am classes are the best - worth every penny.\nThe cinema room is very cool.\n\nIssue comes in their billing.  Golds gym on more than one occasion has decided to randomly take extra money out of my account without notifying me.  Once it was handled by the management in house, they were really nice & credited me the month after they decided that my membership was going to be $19.99 (which was not in my contract agreement).\n\nThis month, however, I spoke to Justine - who was a total jerk on the phone.  She said that they tried taking money out of my account on 4 different days in the month - which is exactly when I get paid, so I can't even explain why they said the account was declined.  \nEither way, they decided to go ahead and charge me a late fee of MORE THAN DOUBLE my monthly membership dues. \nNot only that - they never called me, never emailed me, AND when I came into the gym and they swiped my card, NEVER told me there was a problem!!!\n\nWith attitude, Justine basically said 'there's nothing I can do, you have to call ABC'  some outside company that assesses the charges. So I get to wait on hold with them...\n\nI constantly have to watch over this company and make sure that I'm being charged the correct amount every month.\n\nGreat gym, shady billing", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Average food with a long waits. My friend said great, then good food. I still think average. Other friends says eh food. \n\nI think servers weren't here today? Soup was good. Drinks came at the end of the meal. Yes, the end. \n\nI wouldn't return. \n\nWe all ate gyros. Average.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Not a big fan of this place... The food is OK nothing impressive or there is not much varsity of food. It is just that it is pricy. I came on Saturday for friend bday and I end up paying 40 buck for a meal. That is alot. I never paid for all u can eat this much. The food is decent I really like the mean and chicken which they cook fresh. They have ice cream machine which I like as well. The sushi is not as good if u want sushi go to all u can eat sushi no here .", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "*2.5 stars* Extra 0.5 star for the tasting menu- great deal, I must say.\n\nMy dinner date and I came here on a Saturday night after hearing and reading all the buzz online and seeing all the pictures.  We made reservations for about 8:30, and was empty except for a rather large party in the back (which actually knows the staff, I think).  Definitely not what you expect on a weekend night at a new and  supposedly trendy place. \n\nMy date is Filipino himself and knows all the traditional flavours, and I have been out to some more traditional Filipino restaurants around the city.  So we're both quite familiar with the cuisine, but the dishes here are served with a modern twist, and we were excited! The menu is nice and concise consisting of a snacks/apps section, an entr\u00e9e section, and desserts.  There is also a tasting menu of $40 per person which includes an appetizer, an entr\u00e9e, a dessert, as well as an amuse-bouche and a pre-dessert from the chef.  There is also a chef's tasting menu of $80, but reservation in advance is required. \n\nMerienda Platter: $10-12?? (4/5 stars)\nWe couldn't decide which app to get, so we got the platter.  Great portion for the price.  It includes several pieces of chicarron (deep fried chicken skin), one slider burger, one lumpia, and an empanada.  All was quite good.  Great start to a meal!\n\nIf you know me (or at are familiar with my reviews), you'd know I definitely went for the tasting menu as well... both of us.  Only way to go:\n\nAmuse-Bouche: Complimentary\nSmall portion of Filipino congee served in a little jar.  It was cute and quite good.  But it was congee... I'm Chinese, so I'm allowed to be picky.\n\nAPPS-\n\nHalo-Halo Sisig and Rice: (3.5/5 stars)\nI'm going to admit, if it's one cuisine I don't really love, it's Filipino cuisine.  However, I LOVE sisig! I also know the BEST place in Toronto to get it!  The sisig is here very hearty and non-traditional.  It taste was good but I would have loved if they used traditional pork rinds, all crisped up! \n\nSeafood Paella: (2.5/stars)\nI would have given this a 3/5 IF this was in fact paella.  It was much more of a risotto with the type of rice that was used and the consistency.  So basically, imagine a risotto-like dish with seafood.\n\nMAINS-\n\nCrispy Pork Belly Adobo: (1.5/5 stars)\nThey claim it's pork belly, which quite possibly could be. But, what a waste! The fatty bacon goodness is not there!  Instead, expect a few small slices of dried (though tender) flavourless pork with an overly sour gastrique.\n\nCarre-Carre Briased Short Rib: (3/5 stars)\nThis was okay.  A generous portion of beef rib, braised and topped with a peanut butter sauce.  Not bad, but have had better.\n\nAdmittedly, I can't quite remember what I had for dessert...\nOverall, I was disappointed, but good pricing for everything if you were to try it for the first time.  I definitely recommend getting the prix-fixe like I did!  I have to admit that their website looks amazing right now and the food looks great!  Too bad an appealing website does not KEEP customers.  Maybe, i'll give them another try sometime... not in a rush.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I'm quite torn writing this review because the food itself was absolutely delicious! We ordered the lobster pot stickers, 10oz Filet Mignon, 18oz Porter House, Mac N Cheese, and some drinks. The food was incredible absolutely no doubt about that, but there's more to having a GREAT restaurant than just the good food, you have to have the whole package! The ambiance and actual environment of the restaurant is quite strange. It's a rather small dining room with just a very random design, it didn't quite feel like an upbeat STK like steakhouse but it definitely wasn't quiet and romantic either. \nBut my big grief here was our server, Lisa I believe her name was, she paid the absolute least amount of attention she had to to our table. Just enough to make sure that she touched our table maybe once every 15-20 minutes. We were out celebrating a birthday and I had made it known when I made the reservations that we were doing so. When we actually got to he restaurant I stopped by the hostess stand and asked if they did anything special for birthdays and the young lady confirmed that indeed they do and that she had seen my note on our reservation and she would ensure that our server was aware. I thought \"great, that's easy enough!\" The next thing I know our server is bringing us the dessert menu and asking if we want anything... She left and came back 10 minutes later, we politely declined and asked for the check. Absolutely no mention of a birthday or any special occasion. As we were leaving the same hostess girl asked how it went and I informed her that it didn't \"go\" at all... the server completely neglected to add a little something special to our special evening we were celebrating. Unimpressed.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I lived at Avana for a year.  I thought, great location and great price.  Things I didn't like was the fact that we had to pay for valet trash service, we always placed our trash out within the time window and yet it only ever seemed to be picked up 50% of the time.\n\nChose this place because of the amenities, but at the end of the day, my inefficient air conditioner seemed the skyrocket our electric bill.  The dishwasher frequently did not clean dishes when fully loaded.  The small dryer always seemed to need a second run which again led to a high electric bill.\n\nWhen we saw the rent was going up, the value was no longer provided. Moveout expenses were a bit more than I was expecting to the point where I just got pissed off.  \n\nGreystar has an F with the Better Business Bureau.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "went during restaurant week w a group.  the sauce on my pork belly & the corn were the best parts.  they could've saved the pork belly it was so dry.  had the rockfish special again the sauce & garnish were great.  the fish lacked flavor.  the graham cracker creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e where was the graham cracker the sprinkling on top of the strawberries?", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Definitely not my place of choice for a buffet experience.\nThere is a good selection and a wide variety of foods, but really made me cringe when I saw the atmosphere. Was not at all pleased by the very slow service and rather apathetic nature on their part.\n\nNothing too special to report food wise-nothing stuck out...seems to me like it is the average cookie cutter type of buffet.\n\nI will note that the stir fry option is an interesting twist, but cannot comment on this since I did not bother.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "This place got such great reviews on Yelp so my son and I went to check it out. We both ordered Pho because it's our favorite. The beef and tendon was nice and soft. The broth was very average and the noodles were really sub par. Too bad. We wanted so much to find our new 'favorite' place to eat Pho. We are new to Scottsdale and will keep looking. Not good enough to go back unfortunately. :(", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I have been here three times now. For some reason a lot of my coworkers really like it. It's a popular lunch-time destination. \n\nThey are known for their southern, Louisiana style dishes. I would say it's just pretty typical, heaving-tasting foods. Their gyros are not bad actually, but the creole with shrimp and blacken fish I had as a lunch special were just too salty and heavy for me. I'm sure some who love their soul food would appreciate it, but it wasn't for me. \n\nIt gets pretty crowded during lunch hours, and the spaces are quite tight.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I found the people here nice and super friendly but the menu needs some work.  Found the brisket was a little too fatty and the mashed potatoes were a little bland and lacked any real flavour. Pulled pork was solid though. Had a few of my wife's fries and they were also pretty good. They are starting out and I am happy there is something like this in my hood so I will give it another try.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "First to get the first question most people ask out of the way: \"What is it?\" 911 Supply is a store that sells the parts of EMS/Police/Fire/Security/Military equipment that are legally available to the public. They sell generic uniform jackets (the kind that might say 'Security' or 'Police', etc. but without company/city patches and the like), hand cuffs, duty belt attachments to carry the tools of the trade, and even the standard issue style combat boots. Basically, its where all emergency services and security companies in Calgary get the stuff they don't need specific licensing for.\n\nThis store seems pretty cool to many of the uninitiated - either they're just getting into that line of work and are surprised a store like this existed without them knowing about it, or they aren't on \"the job\" and are surprised by some of the things that are available for public purchase... but I find once somebody's been in \"service\" for a year or two, a trip to 911 becomes a chore many can't be bothered to endure.\n\nFirst of all, their one and only location is a major pain to get to, especially for many of those in the contract security industry, who often don't have the kind of income to have their own vehicle and have to take transit. It's also VERY easy to walk in with your pockets out-turned, as everything in there that's available anywhere else comes at at least twice the normal cost. I've seen flashlights for example, that sell here for over 100 dollars when you can get something VERY similar in size, power, etc. (just of a different brand, or without the signature service 'look') at a hardware or department store for 20 or less.\n\nOne of the primary factors that I think helps 911 succeed, despite so many flaws, is the lack of competition. If you want (or need, as is usually the case, to stay employed) about half of the products they offer, there really is no other option, which means they pretty much get to charge what they want, and do... and you'll just have to figure out how to find the store and get there, so they don't really have to worry about working to get or keep business.\n\nI'm sure it could be a lot worse, but I really wish there was another option available in this field in Calgary, so that either there would be a more affordable and accessible alternative, or at least the little bit of competition would cause a little more value for their customers.\n\n12/30", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Glad I didn't pay!! I did look at the reviews before going and they were border line so I decided to try this myself...those that gave 5 stars must not have experianced true authentic enchiladas! The posted menu was super confusing, when I finally got the hang of it I ordered a green chicken enchilada and a short rib enchilada. I added my sauces, some toppings, sat down. Not very much space in the resturant. The decor is okay, although I'm the type of person who would sit on the floor and look at blank walls if the food was outstanding...this was not! CUMIN does not equal Mexican. Both the sauces I got on my enchilads were overly spiced with cumin aswell as the both meats so it was CUMIN overload...I was no impressed to say the least. I would not be going back to this place, not even if invited and it was free!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "There is no way this is a 5 or 4 stars place. I order a sausage and egg breakfast. The potatoes were soggy and the sausage was not well done. The waitress act friendly but I can tell she is just trying to be. I work with people everyday so I can tell who is sincere or not. The cook was actually friendly then her. I don't think I would come again.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I was taking my son here for lunch to celebrate a promotion he just received.  I chose it because it's in his neighborhood and has a dog-friendly patio. My thinking was that if it was good, he would have a place to come with his dog.  Since it was Memorial Day and most people were at BBQs, the place was not busy and we were able to be seated quickly on the patio.  Nice area, misters kept us comfortable, a couple of well-behaved pups kept us amused.  Lots of fun selections to choose from. While the food was tasty, fresh, and plentiful, the service was awful.  Our waitress came over to us quickly and asked if wanted something to drink.  We both just wanted coffee and you can see her face change immediately because we weren't ordering alcoholic drinks which would have meant a larger tab.  She brought our mugs so filled that there was no room for cream.  We had no utensils or napkins or cream.  My mug had a lipstick stain on it and because it was so full, the coffee had spilled down the sides.  We called her over and asked for a clean mug.  No apology or concern on her part.  She returned with a fresh mug with a spoon stuck in it.  We had to ask for cream.  She returned with the cream, but, again, no utensils or napkins.  We stopped another waitress and asked for utensils.  Our waitress returned and dropped them down without an apology.  We called her over to tell her we were ready to order (because she never came back to check on us).  Once she brought the food out we had to ask her for water (it was never offered), and that was the last time we saw her.  She never came over to ask if everything was okay, was there anything else we wanted, would you like dessert, etc.  She did, however, have a lot of time to chat a lot with the other patrons who were ordering drinks.  When we finally got her attention to get the check, she never asked how everything was.  My son has worked as a cook and server in many restaurants and felt the same way as I did...she did not want to be there.  While the food was worth coming back for, the service definitely wasn't.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Ok...so I came here because it's Guy Fieri, I admit it. I've seen his food on TV and it looks good. Pics on yelp looked good. Arrived early for breakfast. Place had cool decor, staff was friendly, felt comfortable immediately. I ordered the steak chilaquilles and my mom the chorizo burrito. She tried ordering a hot chocolate, they don't have it on menu. Fine, no biggie, a little odd but we ordered something else. Food came out promptly, and it looked amazing. \nUnfortunately and extremely disappointing, the food was bland! \nHow can something that looks sooo good and has so many ingredients lack so much flavor. Moms burrito lacked something as well....flavor. Bummer!\nNothing against the staff, they were great but I wouldn't be back or give my recommendation. If the food's no good, what's the point!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Nice open place. The music is VERY loud. We liked the beer, especially the Van Horne IPA. The food though, is very average. Not awful, but lacking flavour and freshness. So, good place for a good beer, but for the food, you have many interesting options nearby...", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "My friends and I came here after we had dinner at another restaurant.  This cafe is really cute and nice because the waitress doesn't bug you and rush you to leave.  The only flaw is that the waitress did not check on us after we placed our initial orders.\n\nWe would have liked to have received waters with our orders.  I had to leave our table to ask the waitress to bring us glasses of water.  I had to do this twice before she brought them to us.  I also had to track the waitress down to order another latte.  I just wish she would have checked on us to see if we needed anything.\n\nThis experience was definitely a 2 out of 5.  However my friends really enjoyed the desserts that they purchased.  The crepe with ice cream is huge and it looked delicious!  My friend loved it!\n\nAnother idea for this cafe would be to offer gluten free entrees and desserts.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "NOT accommodating for parties larger than 4.  We have now tried on 3 separate occasions to come here with a party of 5, 6, and 8.  First time we had to point out a table of 5 to the hostess.  Second time, the hostess stared at us when we said 6, and said shed have to ask her manager what the wait time would be, and then never returned.  Most recent time, I tried to make a reservation for 8 people on a Friday night, apparently they only have one table on the patio for 8 people and its reserved.  Guess they can't move tables/put two tables together.  Odd they are so eager to turn away big parties.  \n\nOnly reason for 2 stars is because of the cute decor/patio and brussels sprout nachos.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Liked it better when they first opened.  Too many times we go in and the music is too loud and penetrating for us to be able to relax and chat with our friends.  There's nothing like having to sit by a table of people with their undies hanging out , music blasting , while they use N word as their only form of communication .  Exit stage  left.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The Dude Abides - Really?  Did anyone actually take out the meatball and taste it?  My son said it was like a cheeseburger only harder to eat.\n\nThe Godfather was pretty good.  The bread with the Parmesan sprinkled on it made me think of the cafeteria food from grade school.\n\nWe both agreed that we should have gone to Chick-fil-a instead.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Why do bagel places only cater to early morning patrons? This is Las Vegas and majority of people work nights, therefore breakfast is closer to noon. Every time I come in the selection of bagels are limited (six cheese always gone) and they are not making more. Businesses need to adapt to customer demands and time tables.... Not the other way around.  Production is cheap and the selection should always be full before noon.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Great if you like paying 12 dollars for a tonne of rice and a morsel of a main dish. It's a fairly nice restaurant though for the area.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Drinks were alright but service was definitely lacking. Stopped in today with a friend and had drinks sitting at the bar. I had the South of the Border cocktail that was pretty good, although I'm not sure if I'd order it again for $13. But the major thing that factored into my rating is that the bartender seemed annoyed we were even there. My friend and I commented on how she didn't smile once the entire time we were there and hardly said a word, until the very end as we left and she greeted a guy sitting down by himself. Maybe it was just us? Not sure but based on today's visit I definitely don't plan on going back.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The lady upfront is very nice and friendly, price to dry clean a coat was $9 (not bad) however it still had a stain when I picked it up, it had dog hair and had a chemical smell. Definitely will be going somewhere else.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Wonderful food, great atmosphere, perfect service, absolutely horrible management skills .", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Way overpriced for the selection of food you get, not worth waiting in line for.  The night we were there there was a limited amount of dessert choices.  The the stuff that wasn't cooked , tuna poke,  tuna sushi,  and the ceviche  were excellent,  but the cooked entrees were average at best.  We found that there are a bunch of inexpensive restuarants that serve awesome food when you get away from the Strip. So my advice is to save your money, and go to some place like Da Lat were you can get a lot of awesome food for a reasonable price.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Try Dragonfire!!! Cheese here is good, creamy and fresh...pizza not cooked (broke my 3 strike rule and still could not get it right).", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Was not impressed....made a 7:15 pm reservation and had to wait almost 45 minutes upon arrival to be seated.  Then once we were seated we had to ask a passing server if there was someone for our table since 15 min had passed with no one waiting on the table.  Poorly ran front of the restaurant which takes away from the food which wasn't too bad.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Restauranting is not for the faint of heart. It takes grit, location, street-smarts, perseverance, flair, capital, wisdom, taste, charisma, luck, and most importantly, talent (many more, but this is a review, not a how-to for wannabes). As the owner, if you're lacking in any of these, you have to know it, and then have the humility to contract out to get the best. I really want to give Maizie's a chance: I've been there 5 times, but when it comes down to it, I have to remind myself that the reason I go to a restaurant is to EAT EXCELLENT FOOD. Unfortunately Maizie's fails to deliver in this most important category.\n\nMy first visit was amusing, but not impressive. I decided to test their reputation for good burgers. I like my meat juicy and red, so after discussing the preparation of the stuffed varieties, I settled on a cheeseburger with the cheese on top of it. Side of fries and nothing special there; typical flavored salt sprinkle you can get at Chili's.\n\nNext time had the goat cheese pizza. I know that's not the real name, but after three bites, the power of the cheese covers everything else. I've heard of featured ingredients, but SHEESH! Next time was for snacks, so I got to enjoy the corner sofa and relax with a cocktail and the shrimp dippers. Nothing special.\n\nNext visit I had this buffalo wing cheese thing, but without the chicken (it's supposedly ground up inside the cheese). Right. That's what I said too when I read the menu. It comes off like that midnight snack you throw together but don't care that you're missing the key ingredient, like cereal with orange juice or a peanut butter and mustard sandwich. In this case, missing the chicken wings, it was probably a can of tuna that \"inspired\" this recipe. The tureen of spicy cheese is served amidst a plate full of multi-colored (but not freshly made) corn chips and warmed pita triangles. Not enough of the pita breads, so we asked for more, but had to pay extra for them. (I hate that!)\n\nThe antipasto salad is served in a gigantic wooden salad bowl and really makes you feel like a pig to have it placed in front of you. I know you can prepare a salad in a bowl, but please serve it on a plate, and in a portion appropriate for the one person ordering it. Otherwise, say \"serves two\". Please! It's drowned in red-wine vinegar. This would not normally be a problem if it were soaked up by a toasted hoagie roll, but that much vinegar should only used for large mopping jobs. I could have made this myself with a packet of pepperonis not even separated into individual slices, but just cut in half and dumped in the bowl.\n\nIf you happen to go, head back to the bathroom and if you find yourself waiting for it to be free, you'll be staring straight into the 8x10 closet that is the kitchen. Very tight quarters is no excuse; look what Chris Bianco does in that little corner of his old firehouse garage bay!\n\nI really don't want to write off Maizie's, but I'll need to hear that they've hired (read contracted out for) someone with the TALENT to put ingredients together in a very special way. Until then, I won't be back.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Unfortunately, I have to post an updated review for this Fausto's. The original was five stars, but this location has gone downhill the past year or so. \n\nThe first thing is that they used to have three delicious salsas that I used for every meal. They were great. However, those are no more. \n\nNow there are only two salsas that are both pretty bad. Tonight they were so runny I couldn't even get any to stay on my chips. Sad!\n\nTo make this issue more pressing, the entrees seem to have lost all flavor and I have no delectable salsa to mask that fact. I had enchiladas and a taco and both were incredibly bland. \n\nThis used to be a place I'd bring friends from out of town to try and now I think I may have just made my last visit. \n\nI just hope management reads this and fixes things because I saw other reviewers stating the same thing.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "The room and the check in staff are great. We are staying here right now September 20, 2017 and we are very very disappointed with the casino environment. There are no cocktail waitresses to be seen, I played a slot for over an hour before I even noticed a cocktail waitress. Finally I flagged a cocktail waitress down and as she rudely took my order and walked away I received my drink about 10 minutes later. Another hour has gone by and I have seen no one!!!\n\n\nConsidering the price of the room and what the casino and it's amenities offer it does not equate, very disappointed!", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I stopped by based on the great reviews. Unfortunately I was kinda disappointed because of my expectations on the pastries..\n\nOn the plus side, I enjoyed these little artisan cheese rolls. They kinda tasted like cheese bagels, which I like. They seemed to have a great selection of different breads.. I almost bought the marble rye sliced bread but I didn't get it....\n\nI also thought the large Apple pastries looked good, and I did get one and it was probably the best out of all of the things I purchased. It had a criss-crossed lattice layer on top, and a good amount of apple filling, and it was a very large size, and it was about $5. There was something called an Apple Horn that was $8 that looked good also.\n\nOn the negative side, the almond croissant was like.. not flaky or buttery at all like a real croissant. I would suggest Jean Philippe at Aria/Bellagio for a good parisian almond croissant.  These pastries kinda seem like the kind you would buy pre-packaged in a supermarket, the ones that have preservatives in them too...", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "We'll start with the pros. The meat here is very delicious: soft, moist and flavorful. The condiments bar has some yummy and unique (pickled onions, anyone?) things. The portions are generous (except for the guac, which is the tiniest dollop). And taco Tuesday is cheap- thumbs up there!\nThen the cons. The place smells really weird and gross (I guess it's the burning charcoal of the grill, but it's so bad I can't stand to eat inside here; not good when it's 118 degrees out). And they don't have a salad option, which is very disappointing. Only tacos, quesadillas, or bowls. \nAll in all, a decent place to grab a quick bite... and sit outside to eat it.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Not sure why such high reviews.  Other than the friendly girl at the front counter this was pretty mediocre.  There was a kind-of dirty-plus-cleaning products odor to the place, there was a bussing tray sitting right next to the ordering counter the whole time.  The seats still had crumbs on them and the table some grease spots.  There's no ambiance and are no amenities - pizza delivered on a plastic tray, cheap plastic dishes for eating it, paper or styrofoam cups for the serve-yourself drinks.  This isn't an imaginative Italian restaurant with good food, table service,and nice tables and chairs.  It's a cheap pizza place with vinyl booths, windows with hand prints, and get-it-yourself silverware.\n\nThe food - well, it was fine for the price, but there are tons of places that serve decent pizza these days.  Granted this was better pizza than, say, Domino's, but that doesn't say too much.  There was a decent amount of cheese, but it's not like the quality of ingredients particularly stood out.  Pale tasteless tomato chunks, for example.\n\nI didn't see that this Barro's, at least, had much to recommend it.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Service is not one of their strong points, but the food is..\n\nIf you love Korean food, you're going to like this place, but for any owners of the all you can eat concept restaurants, you can take notes on how to clear out your patrons from Woo Che.    Just seat the patrons, bring them their drinks, and leave them alone the entire visit, and don't ever check on them.     I couldn't find my waitress for a refill, and was dying for anything that looked like a liquid by the second plate.\n\nI really don't like their square grilles, because it didn't get a even heat on it, but the bugogi was good, and  they could cut the beef brisket slightly thicker, because most of it sticks to the grill.\n\nWhy I'm giving this place a two star rating is due to the claim by the host that they won't accept Yelp deals for lunch, and can only be use during dinner.     There is no mention of this on Yelp deal.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Ling & Louie, hmmm, I'm having a bit of hard time to define this place. The menu serves a wide range of Asian foods, Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Thai and Vietnamese (from my first glance of the dishes and its names), then there is a full bar, Happy Hour menu such as Asian fusion 'flatbread' and 'tacos', it just made me more confused, a place serves many kinds of Asian food but nothing is specialized? Just because you put a description of 'asian sauce', makes a taco Chinese? Then there is this interesting looking clock on the wall next to the kitchen, a clock consists '12' on the top as normal, but the rest numbers are replace by a '5', that just made you start singing, 'it is five o'clock somewhere', and 'let's drink'! So yeah, this is a bar with many kinds of Asian fusion foods. Do not come if you are craving for a more authentic asian cuisine, that was my mistake, yeah...", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "This is the kinda place that makes me angry as a consumer. Let's charge twice the price for a plate of food that a normal person couldn't possibly finish... You know that phrase your mom would say when you wouldn't finish your food? \"there are starving children in Africa...\" I'm sure the amount of thrown out food at this place could cure world hunger over night.\n\nService was OK. Flavor was OK. I've had better $2 bloody Mary's in Virginia beach than what they charge you $16 and claim to be \"famous\". 24 on zagat is more for the exaggerated plating than it is for a good quality meal. Not going back.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "Based on the other high reviews, I tried this place.  Chicken was \"ok\", but not fresh - was taken from some heat lamps it was sitting under.  No bread available, though it was advertised on the menu.  I don't mind eating at a dive if the food is great, but this place was just a dive, without the great food.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}, {"rev": "I came here originally in August because my brown roots had grown out and there was a very visible line from brown to previously bleached blond. I wanted an ombr\u00e9 look while growing out my natural hair color. Pui did my hair the same day I called. She did a good job and told me that the low lights of brown, that she put into my hair to blend the colors would wash out over time, and to come back when it does. She said the next one is on her! (Meaning no charge)\nWhen I called, Pui thought she remembered me and I mentioned that she had told me that this was going to be free. She made me an appointment with Kelly the next day (today). When I got there Kelly, who was very nice, was surprised of my hair color and called Pui who had confused me with a different client. After some back and forth I was told I'd have to pay $50. \nKelly was clearly uncomfortable with the situation and I don't blame her, since she wasn't there when Pui had told me to come back once the color fades, and that the next one was on her, which still means free. Not $50. \nI left, as I wasn't about to pay for something I was told wouldn't cost me anything. Kelly told me I could come back when Pui was there, but since I'm leaving on a trip tomorrow that's not an option. \nNow I realize it had been 2 months since the initial appointment, but that doesn't excuse the fact that she made me the appointment, I left work, wasted another hour driving back and forth, to then be told I'd have to pay $50 for something I was told would be a free touch up. \nI don't intend to return.", "label": "NEG", "pred": "POS"}]